 narrator that woman there is my grandmother, a hardy sort who had to raise a family of four all by herself. as i remember, she wouldn't say boo to a goose. yells angela, you're late! narrator chuckles there's my uncle tom. though he was only ten at that time, he was still the man of the family. he's holding my auntie aggie. some called her the most handsome lady in limerick. mother angela! narrator and uncle pat. pat, why isn't aggie wearing her jumper? i couldn't get it on her, mammy, and angela's late again. that child will have me above in st. jeremiah's asylum. mammy says you'll have her in the asylum if you don't get down this minute. mother pat! mother angela! narrator and that little girl there? grunts uh! ooh! oof! mother angela! coming. how have you grown out of this already? you'll catch your death. door closes aggie chuckles she can have mine. narrator she grew up to be my mother. thank you, angela. late again, i see. yes. hello, mrs. blake. sighs pat, give your jacket to angela. what? my jacket to angela? get your own jacket. no more messing about. here. tom, you give yours to pat. aggie chuckles narrator and this is a story about the christmas eve. you look like a clown, all big and bulky like mother pat! .when she was nearly six years old. i'm grand. i won't see you catching your death. i don't want to wear my ma's coat to mass. aggie chuckles then take my scarf. right, come on. mother it'll be christmas day before we get there. ha! angela's wearing boy's clothes angela's got a big boy's coat na na na na na! sighs you're going in. grunts, giggles pat maggot. you're a maggot. agh! gasps driver hey, hey, hey. screams neighs both gasp i'm telling mam. pat you're not. she'll send you to bed without even a cup of tea. shut up. she won't. when you take a coin from her purse, you're punished. imagine what she would do for pushing me under a horse. hurry up, the pair of you. pat pushed me. i didn't. mother get in. narrator ah. st. joseph's. a church so cold, if you didn't go in with a cough, you certainly came out with one. chuckles priest it is a time for reflection and a time to help those less fortunate and to forgive foes and those who've sinned against us. telltale. whispers stop it. telltale. stop it. priest .to celebrate in one another's love. jesus entering jerusalem, coming into the temple, they too were late, and they were separate living out. gasps, grunts faint murmuring aye.? sorry. both gasp whispers can you please just stop fighting for one minute? as it is written in luke, 'for unto you was born this day in the city of david a savior which is christ the lord and this shall be a sign unto you. you shall find the baby wrapped in swaddling clothes lying in a manger.' and there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby keeping watch over their flocks. voice fades, sermon continues whispers he'll catch his death. angela, shush. the baby's cold. angela, shh! sermon continues narrator it was about this time that angela had a little idea. it made perfect sense, but little ideas are often the seeds of big trouble. priest amen. congregation amen. amen. faint voices overlapping man happy christmas to ya! pat chuckles mama. mammy, can i go back and light a candle? no, angela, we need to get home. please, mam, just one for the baby jesus. sighs please? aggie mama, mama. mama, mama. stop it, aggie. go on, so. mother but run straight home as soon as you're done. angela i will. door bangs faint muttering gasps mrs. blake jesus christ. .jesus christ and our lord. praying continues praying continues praying continues praying continues man coughs, sniffles man .temptation. .jesus. praying continues loud tap mrs. blake glory to the father. crunches what's that? gasping ah choo! squeals ah. ah choo! sneeze echoes gasps eh.? both bless you. angela thank you. mrs. blake god bless us, save us! door slams whispers hello. would no one put a blanket over your little body? i bet you would never complain 'cause you wouldn't want to make your mammy the slightest bit unhappy. door opens gasps what? book clatters priest oh! moans, mutters oh, the thief. the thief.! mutters doors clatter .said thank you to me. i think he said thank you to me first. there's no way. panting man but if you remember rightly. angela are you all right in there? we'll get you home, get you all warm and snuggly and wrap you up like a little holy sausage. gasps elders' voices overlapping mm hmm. oh, it's not far. just a few streets down that way. man father, how are you? there's been a miracle. priest what? what miracle? gasps look at all those lovely sweets. if you're good, mam might give us a penny and we can spend it on whatever we want. bull's eyes, pear drops, humbugs, whatever you want. what's that? oh, no, we can't go in, baby jesus. mam said we had to go straight home, no question. well, since it's your birthday, we'll go in for one minute. oh, it's free to look. you can look at them all day if you like. voices overlapping within horse nickers patrons singing would you look at them all there? man excuse me. my favorites are the apple drops. excuse me. shop's closed. stammers i i didn't hey, what have you got there? is it a dolly from santy? no, 'tis too early for santy. did you steal it from santy? er men laughing oof! whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. panting shh, shh. easy, easy, easy. uh.? what's that? uh. is it. is it a christmas shillin'? thanks. policeman huh. panting oh, baby jesus, they don't understand. i'm not stealing you. i just want to get you warm. one night, just one night in my room, then i'll bring you back. panting wind whistling faint crackling gasps creaking whispers it's just silly shadows. wind whistling branches creaking squeals panting it's just silly shadows. i'm not at all frightened, so you shouldn't be either. music playing penny for the pauper. angela gasps, moans gasps angela there you go. chuckles even i can see that you have a good heart, me darlin'. merry christmas. pauper and a merry christmas to you. music playing splashes aggie cooing within i don't want anyone gawking at us. let's go round the back. will you help me, baby jesus? okay, so. one, two, three. hup! no, no, no, baby jesus. you have to go over the wall. again. one, two, three. hup! come on now, baby jesus. no more messin'. try really hard this time. one, two, three. hup! distant barking gasps you did it, baby jesus. good man, yourself. grunts grunts gasps oh, no. oh, no, baby jesus. angela gasps gasps what are you doing in mrs. blake's yard? there's no excuse for the way you're behaving, flying round like an angel. i've a good mind to leave you there. sighs all right, all right. i'll come and get you. don't make a sound. oh, no, you poor thing. and me giving out to you and everything. and you're smiling at me even though i hurt you. come here to me. grunts grunts door opens gasps huh? that's the baby jesus from the church. he's supposed to be sleeping in his crib and you have him here in the freezing cold? i'm warming him up. pat his mammy will be roaring and bawling when she sees him gone. tom singing mother right, fire. this is where myself and aggie sleep. now you must be careful 'cause she ripped the head off my doll. gasps but don't worry, i'll mind you. rest with me we'll be warm and free to dream narrator i doubt that there was a warmer place in limerick. angela of all the things to come. narrator .than in angela's room that night. angela for you, my little one bangs angela's upstairs with the baby jesus. angela look up high and see all the stars above you and me is she now? isn't that great? they shine a light on all the things to come for you, my little one his mammy will be roaring and bawlin'. and i suppose all the angels and saints are coming over for dinner too. tom, aggie, mother laugh mother pat. shh, shh, shh. of all the things yet to come i'm telling the truth! clatters panting angela for you, my little one puffs humming footsteps scuffling gasps see? i wasn't telling stories. mother of god. is that the baby jesus from st. joseph's? stammers i i just wanted to warm him. oh, jesus. we can sneak him into the milk mart. they'll find him in the morning. he'll freeze! you can't just steal the baby jesus. his mammy will be sick with worry. i'm keeping him warm. he has to go back to his mam! angela stop. he's staying. she's gonna be sick! tom he can't just stay here, angela. pat he has to go back! mother enough! enough, all of you. pat, put the kettle on. what about the ? put the kettle on. please, mammy, please? i'll warm him and i'll tell his mother we have him safe in the bed. you've all had your say. now i want to tell you a story one about the night you were born. i was born on new year. stroke of midnight. head in the old year, feet in the new. we were gonna write to the pope to ask what year you were born in. we can't be listening to stories with the baby jesus on the table. the night you were born, it was bitterly cold. chuckles so cold that the midwife kept her coat on. mother she was young, in love, with the new year and a new suitor waiting. but what no one knew was that my own heart was breaking. happy new year. angela cries why was your heart breaking, mam? your father. go in and meet your sister, boys. boys chuckle mother your father didn't want the baby being born into a cold house. hi, babba. mother so he went out to get coal for the fire. i got word shortly before angela was born. angela cries mother the guards locked your father up in the limerick jail for trying to take a few lumps of coal off the back of the fuel cart. sure, he was just trying to do the right thing, just trying to warm the house. angela cries mother it should have been one of the happiest days of our lives. instead, my heart was broken in pieces. fizzles mother but then. in you go, pat. mother together, we were warm. because that is what families do. they shelter each other from the storm. they bring joy where there is sadness, warmth where there is none. your father wasn't proud of his actions that night, but when he heard how you boys minded your mother, when he saw his baby daughter for the first time, he was the proudest man in limerick. i miss dadda. i know you do, pat. we all do. he needs to go home. angela? i just need to do one thing. thumps pat what is she doing, mam? angela come on! huh? door opens angela, wait. will you come on? mother boys, coats. angela come on. you'll have me above in st. jeremiah's with your messin'. what if we're caught, angela? we'll be fine, pat. come on. music playing voices murmuring man laughing and then, he let out a sneeze. a sneeze so small and heavenly, only an angel could have made it. a sneezy miracle! and then, then didn't the baby jesus himself only go and thank the both of us? man amazing! whispers quick. whispers come on. door opens angela gasps priest gasps oh, you've broken it. sorry. mother sorry, father. guard, we have the thief. door opens angela but, but. rattling panting no, no, no, no. she was only warming the baby jesus. you won't put my sister in jail. you won't. you can put me in the limerick jail. he was cold in the crib, so i took him home to warm him up. well, then. it looks like we've no choice but to lock you up for the taking of. one baby jesus. and on his birthday, of all things. giggles i fail to see how this is a laughing matter. you're right, father. there is nothing funny about taking a child, any child away from his family on christmas eve. priest wait. you'll need this. or you'll catch your death. thank you. softly goodbye. mother good boy, pat. angela thanks, pat. tom yeah, well done, pat. thanks. oh, dear lord. gasps laughs sighs ah.! laughing gasps policeman happy christmas! all happy christmas! mrs. blake he blessed me. it's a miracle. a christmas miracle! it's a miracle. laughter bartender happy christmas. and a merry christmas to you. snaps crackling mother angela? coming. narrator and what about the baby jesus, you ask? well, he smiled the way he always did. puffs and held out his arms to the world. he was as warm and cozy as any baby that night. all with a little help from angela, of course. all with a little help from my mother