 i was wondering if you'd be interested in helping me with the innocence project. you want me to help you get an innocent man off death row? what do you want, harvey? help me protect mike ross. he's in there with a guy i put away and the guy is no joke. what am i supposed to do? you're supposed to move the guy to another prison. you want me one on one, you got it. i'm gonna use this and they're gonna hold you. no! what's going on here? why did you come back with the guard? i didn't do it to get you to forgive me. i never should have let him in here in the first place. the time you served while awaiting trial was never factored into your sentence. you're eligible for parole in six weeks. you think i don't know this is your protector's idea to get me off your back? no, frank. harvey's idea was for me to tell these guys that you were an informant. i figured out a way to get mike out early. what's the catch? he has to inform on his roommate. mike gets him to turn, he's free. when do you need an answer by? yesterday. and the answer needs to be yes. jessica harvey, wait a second. where are you going? where do you think i'm going? i'm going to see mike. and i know what you're going to say, but mike went to prison so we wouldn't have to, and now he's in danger from a guy i put away. so, you'll forgive me if i don't stand around and wait for you to drop the hammer. you think i like the idea of him rotting in that place? but if you want this thing to work, you can't go running up there in the middle of the night. you heard cahill, he needs an answer yesterday. what he needs is results. and if mike's lawyer pulls him out of his cell in the middle of the night, then his roommate is going to sense there's something wrong before this thing even gets started. fine. but i'm going up there first thing in the morning, and nothing you say is going to stop me. kevin can't sleep? not really. well, as long as you're up, you might want to think about putting up some pictures of your own. that way you won't have to keep staring at mine. how old are they? maddy is seven and nate just turned five. they look really sweet. yeah, they're. they're great. how often do you get to see them? i don't. what do you mean you don't? bad divorce or something? nah, nah. nothing like that. we've been married for years. i just. i just don't let them come here. what? why not? they shouldn't see their father as a criminal. kevin. come on, man. i know it's hard on them. it tears me up every single day that i'm here. but they're kids. they're resilient. yeah, i wouldn't be so sure. well, mike, you don't have kids. so, you don't know. no, i don't. but i do know what it's like to be a kid missing his dad. please don't tell me your old man abandoned the family. both my parents died in a car accident when i was . hit by a drunk driver. jesus. that's. i'm sorry, mike. well, it was a long time ago. kevin, i understand the instinct to protect your children, but what are you protecting them from? what do you mean? i mean, we've been roommates for a while now. don't you think it's time you told me what you're in here for? guard hey, ross. your lawyer's here. now? i'm just the messenger. you want out of this box or not? mr. bailey, my name is rachel zane. i am a law student at columbia, and i'm here to talk to you about your case. student? yes. we work alongside the innocence project to determine if you have the criteria for an appeal. do you know how long i been sitting on death row? twelve years. i read your file. and for the last of them i've been writing letters and begging any lawyer to listen to my story. and they finally get around to getting back to me, and they don't even have the courtesy of sending me a real lawyer? mr. bailey, trust me, i will fight for you. you're a student. you can't do shit for me. well, you know what? you killed two people in cold blood. you know it and i know it, and that's why you're in there. so, thank you for making the decision to not take your case an easy one. you don't know me. all you know is what you've read in some damn file. i didn't kill anyone. i've been saying it for years and i can prove it. you're right. i don't know you. and you don't know me either. so, do you want to take a chance on each other or not? i need help. ms. zane. so, let me help you. harvey, what are you doing here? there's something i need to talk to you about. sit down. what is it? i just got a visit from sean cahill. about gallo? i thought you said he can't get him transferred. he can't. but it turns out there's a way he can get you out. what do you mean out ? i mean out, as in you walk out that front door and you never look back. what's the catch? mike. harvey, you're not here telling me that i can get out with that look on your face if there isn't something else. he needs you to inform on your cellmate. what? if whatever you get leads to a conviction of his father in law, he'll commute your sentence and you get to walk. what did the guy do? who cares what he did? i care. because if it was so bad, why didn't kevin turn on him in the first place? mike, what does it matter? he can get you out. this is my only friend in here. i'm not going to betray him. friend? listen to me, god damn it. there's someone in here trying to kill you and i'm giving you a way out. i'm taking care of gallo. what the hell is that supposed to mean? it means that i did what you told me to do. i threatened to tell people that he was an informant. but what i also did was find out a way to get him parole. parole? are you crazy? he's not going to get parole. who's going to say he deserves it? you know what, harvey? instead of coming in here and telling me to betray my cellmate because gallo will never get parole, maybe you should be helping me get it for him. i'm never helping that piece of shit do anything. and this isn't about gallo, and you know it. no, it's about you telling me to turn on the one guy in here that i trust based on some plan that cahill has that we don't even know will work. no, mike. it's about giving you a chance to get your life back while it still looks the same. now, are you going to take it or not? see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody wanna know how it feel everybody wanna see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie i don't mind me and missy is so early busy, busy making money all right! all step back i'm 'bout to dance the greenback boogie . . . .subtitles by. . . . p krishna teja p son of a bitch, it's the prune juice all over again. what the. hey, douche stick. are you responsible for my mugs being here? i didn't. i don't. we didn't have anything else to use. i don't give a shit. take those things and put them back where you. well, if isn't louis shit. what's happening, boss? you bastard. you took my mugs and you didn't even have the balls to do it yourself. i have no idea what you're talking about. but if something of yours is in here, it had nothing to do with me. really? why don't you ask the stuttering ass clown? we needed them for our urine tests. what did you say? you peed on my catch phrase? i don't know what's funnier. you got a catch phrase or that we peed on it. i want those mugs sterilized and i want them destroyed. they're your mugs, you do what you want. but i'm not touching them with a foot pole. you know how much asparagus luterman eats? later, chief. how did it go this morning? i was petrified. death row, how could you not be? it was not just that. when i got there, it hit me that if i do this, i have a man's life in my hands. rachel, you can handle it. i know i can. then why do i get the feeling that something is bothering you? because when i got back from there, i was so angry about what happened to that poor man that i sat down, i started working on this case, and i. i haven't moved since. i don't understand. why is that bad? because it's the first time since mike left that i haven't thought about him every second. listen to me. that's a good thing. it doesn't feel like a good thing. rachel, you can't live your life on pins and needles. it's not healthy for you. it's not healthy for mike. it's not healthy for anyone. and forgetting about him is healthy? isn't that why you took this case? to give yourself something to focus on? yes, but i just. then don't fight it. if working to free an innocent man helps you to forget about mike for a while, he would be the first person to tell you to do it. and trust me, if you really lose yourself in this, i have a feeling it's going to seem like a lot less than two years before he gets out. louis where's harvey? harvey's not here. well, get his ass in here, because he made some goddamn side deal with those traders and i want them out. louis, i am telling you, now is not the time. and i am telling you that i cannot look at their smug, stupid faces for one more day. maybe you don't have to look at them. what are you talking about? louis, did i ever tell you about my first apartment in the city? no. i was sharing a square foot studio and it was a disaster until we finally decided that we had to separate our spaces for privacy. well, this isn't the brady bunch, donna. we can't put a masking tape line down the center of the office. i'm not talking about masking tape, louis. i am talking about hiring an architect to reconfigure the offices. you're right. we can even do a remodel, which is what i've been wanting to do for the last five years. and the best part is, you don't have to deal with those asshole traders ever again. donna, you're a genius. i know. get me the names of six architects before lunch. louis, you have your own secretary. thanks for nothing. why do i even? nice of you to show up. i've been peeling these potatoes by myself. sorry, i, uh, got caught up. speaking of which, how did it go with your lawyer? you getting out of here? what? i'm just kidding. what's going on? nothing. it's not important. your lawyer shows up without you knowing about it, and it's not important? come on, do i look like i was born yesterday? i just said it's not important. and i'm sorry i left you hanging, but you wouldn't even have this job without me. and i wouldn't even need this job if it weren't for you. so, what's your problem? i'm sorry, kevin. i'm. i'm just not having a good day. hey, it's okay. don't sweat it. all right? i mean, it's none of my business anyway. no, actually, it is your business. he came here to tell me that he tried to get gallo transferred, but. it's not going to happen. well, as long as we stick together, we can deal with gallo anyway, right? yeah, that's. that's what i told harvey. well, next time you talk to him, tell him i said thanks for trying. how did it go? he said he had to think about it. what? why? because he's an idiot, that's why. so, what are you going to do? i'm going to figure out how to buy us some time. well, you better do it fast, because cahill's in your office, and he wants an answer. sean. what did he say? he said he wants to see the details in writing. i'm not in the mood, harvey. and i'm not messing around. please tell me you're kidding me. oh, come on, this is bullshit. you know my word is good. harvey yeah, and i told him that. and he doesn't want to risk putting a target on his back and then find out commuting his sentence really means cutting it in half. he's not risking anything. no one's going to find out. i'm sure that's exactly what frank gallo thought. so, either put it in writing or we don't have a deal. he didn't go for it, did he? what are you talking about? mike being at risk has nothing to do with putting anything in writing. and you told me he wouldn't go for it. so, harvey, tell me the truth. all right, he said no. but, sean, i'm telling you he'll come around. he just needs a couple of days. do you know how many strings i pulled to put this thing in motion? what i know is you wouldn't have pulled anything if this case wasn't huge for you. so, instead of yelling at me for saying that it's going to take a couple days, why don't you just give me a couple of days? okay, harvey, the deal's still on the table. but if i find a way to move forward without his help, there is no deal, and he does the whole two years. jessica. harvey. what's going on with mike? i gave him cahill's offer. and he's thinking about it? i'm working on it. well, in the meantime, while you were out, i got a call from nathan byrnes. he thinks someone's trying to take over his company. why the hell would he think that? because word on the street is someone's selling off a block of his stock. that doesn't make sense. we bought sutter's shares from him. those goddamn traders. no way. they wouldn't do that without telling me. they bought it in good faith. well, they're dumping it in bad faith. i'll take care of it. no. you have your hands full with mike. i can handle this. jessica, it was my idea to involve them. i should be the one to take care of it. i don't care whose idea it was, harvey. you take care of mike. hello? automated voice you have a call from danbury federal prison. do you accept the charges? yes, of course. mike, is everything okay? yeah. yeah, everything's fine. i was just thinking about you. i was thinking about you, too. you were? yes. in fact, i was just in the middle of a heated discussion with you about the best way to handle a death row appeal. i don't understand. i took on an innocence project case just to have something to take my mind off of our troubles. but i. i didn't want to take my mind off of you. so, i figured i would just imagine we were working on it together. i don't know what to say. say you're in. i mean, that depends on what strategy we landed on. mike, seriously. is there something wrong? mike no. i just wanted to make sure you were doing okay. and that. that we were still good. now that i have something to take my mind off our situation and connect me to you at the same time. yeah. we're better than good. then can you do me a favor and transfer me to donna? of course. can i ask why? i only get one phone call and i'm pretty sure she had something to do with the idea of you imagining us working together. so, i just want to thank her. okay. i love you. mike i love you, too. hello? rachel donna, i have mike on the phone. put him through. hello? mike donna. if harvey's there, do me a favor. keep your voice down, and don't tell him it's me. mike, what's going on? i'm not taking the deal, donna. are you crazy? it's not that simple. what's not simple about it? harvey said that if you. i don't care what harvey said. because what he didn't say is that if i do what he wants and someone finds out, then i may never get back to rachel at all. harvey would never let them find out. donna, look, i called you so that i didn't have to have this argument with him. now, i don't have much time. are you going to do this for me or not? i'll tell him. then i also need you to tell him something else for me. if he comes here to try to change my mind, i'm not going to see him. you mind telling me who the hell said you can dump nathan byrnes' stock without talking to us? i don't know what you're talking about. who's nathan byrnes? ceo of exodyne. oh, that nathan byrnes. in that case, i said i could sell that stock because i own it. just like i own this one and this one and this one. hey, look at that. my neubacher capital position's going through the roof. that's not the deal you made with harvey, and you know it. welcome to the big bad world of wall street. now, do you want something or can i get back to work? oh, i want something. you're going to unwind that sale and buy those shares back. at a premium? not going to happen. i'm your landlord. and the fact you had to lease to me means you don't have much of an operation. you listen to me, you little piss ant. you don't know who you're messing with. then why don't i find out? over dinner. you've got to be kidding me. you want me to have dinner with you in exchange for backing off that trade? i think of it as you get to have dinner with me and i choose to back off that trade because i am a stand up guy. well, let me let you in on a little something, there, stu. i don't share dinner staring down the barrel of a shotgun. so, why don't you unwind that trade and then ask me out? and then we'll see if you're as charming as you like to think you are. you know what? i am charming. but i'm not an idiot and i'm not unwinding my trade without getting something in return. harvey, i need to talk to you about something and you're not going to like it. about what? that was mike on the phone before. why didn't you get me? he's not taking the deal, harvey. the hell he isn't. where are you going? to that prison. harvey, the reason he called me and not you is because he knew you wouldn't take no for answer. and i'm not going to. which is why he said if you show up there, he's not going to leave his cell. then get me rachel. no, no. harvey, you cannot tell her. like hell i can't. she's the only one who can convince him. if you tell her that mike's not taking a deal that can get him out, it will tear her apart. and if i don't tell her, he's going to be in there for two more years. is that what she wants? that's between them. that's why i want to tell her. she'll make it between them. harvey. god damn it. he plays checkers with this guy and thinks he owes him his life. no, that's not fair and you know it. because mike's loyalty is the reason you're not in prison. that's what's killing me, donna. don't you understand? he's in there instead of me with a guy i put away. and i can't just sit here doing nothing when he has a chance to get out. which is why you have to think of something else. because if you tell rachel about this, the life that's waiting for mike when he gets out, it isn't going to be there. harvey. i'm surprised to see you here so soon. i didn't think you'd turn him this fast. i need more time. i don't think you understand. i'm being pressured to move to another investigation. you've got hours to change his mind or this thing is done. then i need you to do something for me. i am doing something for you. i'm getting mike out of prison. well, you need to do something else for me or that's never going to happen. what are you talking about? i need you to get into a room with him because he won't listen to what i have to say. what exactly do you want me to tell him that you haven't already? sean, mike's a bleeding heart. you need to make the case directly to him. he needs to see the victims of whatever the hell this guy did. that's a swell idea, harvey. but if i go into that prison and someone sees me, not only are we dead in the water, but mike's life isn't worth shit. you think i don't know that? what the hell do you think i'm doing here? what are you talking about? i have a plan, but you're not going to like it. why not? because i need you to pull another string and i need you to do it before frank gallo tries something else with mike. all right, fake lawyer. let's see what you got. you're going to let me look into it for you? look into it, shit. you're going to get me out of here like you promised. i never promised. i said there was an excellent chance you could get. six weeks, brother. i'll be counting the days. i'll file the motion first thing in the morning. there you go. that's what i'm talking about. and if i find out you're screwing me on any level, you better hole up in some dark corner of this prison and pray to god i don't find your ass. what was that all about? looks like he took me up on my offer after all. god damn it, gretchen, where the hell is she? where the hell is who? that architect you were supposed to call. she's not supposed to be here for another half hour. and if i want someone's business, i show up a half hour early at the latest. and what exactly are you looking to have me do about your little conundrum? i want you to give her a call and tell her if she doesn't have the goddamn common courtesy to show up early, then she might as well not show up at all. mr. litt. ah. yes. i'm tara messer. i'm here to discuss your remodel needs. my needs? gretchen well, i'm sorry, ms. was going to be our architect, we no longer need your services. gretchen, calm down. you are overreacting like a crazy woman. you're hired. i am? oh, yeah. you're right for the job. i can feel it. oh, you can feel something, all right. then why don't we start with what you're looking for in the space? oh, the space. right, the space. exactly. what i'm looking for are clear, yet unobtrusive boundaries between our offices and the tenants'. but it needs to be elegant and organic or we might as well not do it at all. i understand. like the perfect aria leading seamlessly to its inevitable cadenza. you're an opera lover. second only to the ballet. then i suggest we start with a marriage. i mean, a tour. excuse me. professor dunbar. do you have a moment? this is the faculty lounge, ms. zane. you're not supposed to be in here. i understand that. and i'm sorry. it's just, this is important and you weren't in your office. what can i do for you? i met with leonard bailey yesterday. he's the inmate on death. i know who he is. is there a problem? yes, there is. he's rotting on death row for a crime that he didn't commit. so, you met with him for minutes and you're ready to release him. no, what i'm saying is. you're a second year law student, rachel. i asked you to be a part of this because you're one of my brightest students, but i also asked you in particular because i didn't think you'd be so naive. excuse me? your job wasn't to talk to mr. bailey once and, after being moved by his tale of woe, tell me to jump him to the top of the pile. it was to assess his case and present evidence. and that's exactly what i'm doing here. i just left two boxes of textbook prosecutorial misconduct with your secretary. you found all of that since yesterday. yes. because while i may only be a second year law student, i have been a practicing paralegal for the past eight years. looks like i have some reading to do. i'm sorry for interrupting your day. good afternoon, ms. zane. good afternoon, professor. and then we use the glass motif you already have to partition their space from yours starting at that wall over there. and no one ever knows they're two separate entities. and if we use the frosted glass, you'll never even have to lay eyes on them. well, there's just one more thing. you want to know if i can design another bullpen area for your side. after all, it's the heart and soul of the space. you get that? it's my job to get that. i don't understand. to me, architecture isn't just about design. it's. it's about connecting with my clients on an intimate level. well, you're very good at it. you know, it's too bad you already sublet to someone else. we're looking to expand ourselves. this space would have been perfect. are you serious? yeah. in fact, it's so perfect, i would have made you an offer on the spot. anyway, i'll have some plans drawn up as soon as i can. we need to get rid of those traders. excuse me? i don't care what kind of deal you and harvey cut with them. we need to get rid of them and we need to do it now. well, louis, i'm not going to do that. because whoever we replace them with, this conversation is just going to happen again. because we both know that you're out of your mind. it's not going to happen again. because in this particular case, i am not out of my mind. why do you want me to do this? because i'm in love with an architect. let me get this straight. you want me to further antagonize people that i'm already fighting with because you don't have the balls to ask a woman out on a date. that's one way of looking at it. no, there's another way. the answer is no. okay, fine. i'll just stick to the original plan of having her completely redesign our space. and i'll just make sure it takes long enough for her to fall madly in love with me. and it shouldn't take more than two or three years. louis, i want you to look at me when i say this. if you hire this woman to do anything relating to this firm's space, i will personally throw you off the roof of this building. is that clear? so, you'll think about it? get out. yo. ahnold. come on. let's see what you got. i didn't know you played. played? shit. i set the p.s. single game scoring record. p.s. is an elementary school, my friend. yeah, sixth grade. i dominated. kevin i thought you had to file that motion for gallo's parole. mike i did. already? it was an page sentencing amendment. i could do that in my sleep. i should get you to do some work for me. why? you need some? no, but if i did, i'd probably get myself a lawyer who didn't sleep in a prison. you all right? i don't. i don't know. what do you mean, you don't know? what is it, your stomach? oh, my god. something's not right. take a deep breath. put your head down. oh, god. i can't. that's not going to do anything. i think. oh, my god, i think somebody did something to me. hey, can i get some help over here? guard! mike, talk to me. it's gallo. gallo must have put something in my. somebody do something! guard! call harvey. guard! mike. mike! where is he? if i knew who you were talking about, maybe i could. mike ross. i need to see him right now. and who are you? harvey specter. i'm his attorney. mr. ross is in the infirmary, but you can't see him in there. then get me the warden. i don't appreciate being pushed around, mr. specter. i don't care. i want everyone to know what happened here today. they saw what happened. yeah, there's a difference between seeing and knowing. are you kevin miller? who are you? harvey specter. i'm mike ross' lawyer. look, i already told the warden i didn't see anyone touch his food. did you see frank gallo with him? did you or didn't you? are you trying to get me killed, man? did he touch his food or not? yeah, he did, last night at dinner. but mike offered to get gallo parole and gallo took him up on it, so why would he poison him? because he didn't really take mike up on that offer, he just did it to get close to him. or he did it to give mike a taste of what happens if he doesn't come through. either way, you stay the hell away from that son of a bitch. all right, that's enough. let's go. gallo hey, counselor. i heard your boy had a little tummy ache out in the yard. you piece of shit. you goddamn poisoned him. guards, get him out of here. i didn't do shit. why don't you come over here and say that to my face? you think i won't? god damn it. i said get him back to his cell! hey. this wasn't part of the deal. we talked about you seeing his roommate, not rushing frank gallo. yeah, well, my guy's lying unconscious in the infirmary. so, sue me. how did you know gallo would take the bait? because he's an animal. and animals always take the bait. well, i'll give you credit for knowing how it would go down. i don't need credit. i need to know where mike ross is. where i was instructed to put him. let me tell you something, mr. specter. i don't know you. so, in case you're thinking of trying anything, that kid has a monitor on his leg. and if it goes dark for even one second, i'm going to make sure that you end up in a cell here with him. it's not going to go dark and he'll be back here when i said he would. then, after that, i'm going to make sure he gets out of here. for good. harvey how are you feeling? what's going on? where am i? you're in the back of my car. you were drugged. by gallo. by me. what? cahill got the warden and the prison doctor to put something in your food. they're the only ones who know what's going on. what the hell are you talking about? we needed to change your mind about taking this deal. and we couldn't do it as long as you're in there. jesus christ. so, you drugged me? we needed a cover for why you're not in your cell, and this was the only way to do it. are you insane? you broke me out of prison? i didn't break you out of anywhere. cahill sanctioned it. and if anyone's insane, it's you. because you're the one turning down a chance to get out of that place. but we don't have time to talk about that right now. cahill's waiting for us. you got me out to see cahill? i said he's waiting. i didn't say that's where i'm taking you. well, then, where the hell are you taking me? you think me spending a couple of hours with rachel is going to change my mind? if it doesn't, there's something wrong with you. so, are you going to yell at me or are you going to take the only chance you're going to get to be alone with the woman you love for the next two years? please tell me that you did not tell her about cahill's offer. harvey oh, i wanted to. but you have donna to thank for the fact that i didn't. what am i supposed to tell rachel about why i'm here? if it were me, i'd tell her the truth. now, since you don't want to do that. you're lucky i came up with something else. wait till it hits and then sell it. well, look who it is. you change your mind about my offer? i'm not there just yet. but i did come to apologize. i didn't mean to be so combative before. you're a proud woman. i understand. bygones. you know, your operation here is kind of impressive. you mind if i, uh, look at one? you can take a look at anything of mine you want. huh. now, what does that line right there mean? what the hell? that's my neubacher capital position. well, it seems to be falling very quickly. is that a good thing? you did this. i'm not sure what you mean. all i did this afternoon was call my friend at jacobson kearney and have them issue a press release about their client's merger negotiations. i mean, how was i supposed to know that it would make your neubacher position fall through the floor? you used the information i gave you yesterday about my holdings, that's how. that's inside information and i can prove it. no, it could have been if your attorney hadn't filed your position with the sec days earlier than he had to. i'm not going to forget this. good. because my operation's been around a hell of a lot longer than yours. and we can be friends or we can be enemies. but you mess with me again and i'll not only kick you out of these offices, i'll put you in the ground. rachel. oh, my god. how? harvey. oh. i don't understand. i know you know about frank gallo. but what you don't know is that they put me in solitary confinement for hours. oh, my god. it's okay. i was safe. then harvey made them watch the video, which showed that i was only defending myself. turns out they were more than happy to trade six hours and an ankle bracelet to avoid a lawsuit. we only have six hours? yeah. and i don't want to waste any of it. mr. litt. what are you. oh, please, call me louis. what can i do for you, louis? tara, i'm afraid i have some bad news. we're not going to be moving forward with the renovations after all. i'm sorry to hear that. no, it has nothing to do with you. and of course i will pay you out of my own pocket for any of the work you've already done. that won't be necessary. please, tara, i insist. in that case, i might as well at least show you what i had in mind. as you can see, these are just rough drawings. not to me. here's the frosted glass wall curving in an elegant s that separates the space. it's beautiful. that's not even the best part. because i know how important the new bullpen is to you, i modeled it after the kimmel center in philadelphia, and i enclosed the entire space. in mahogany. it would have been exquisite. but some things weren't meant to be. yeah. how would you feel about renovating my summer house in the hamptons? i appreciate the thought, louis, but i don't do residential work. it's not residential. i use it as a home office. but it would be so small. oh, no, i want the entire house to be a satellite division of the firm. are you sure? i've never been as sure of anything in my entire life. then i look forward to working with you, louis. sean, what can i do for you? where the hell are they? what? i've been sitting in my office for two hours waiting for them. where the hell are they? i don't know. maybe they're caught in traffic. listen to me. i can contact the prison and find out exactly where they are. but i do that, it starts a tornado of shit with your boss in the eye of the storm. so, you're going to tell me right now what the hell they're up to. he's waiting for mike outside of his apartment. waiting for him to do what? he's with rachel. you've got to be kidding me. i didn't pull in every favor i have so mike ross could have some conjugal visit. no, you pulled in every favor you had so that harvey could convince mike to do what you wanted. and this is going to make that happen. by getting him laid? by reminding him of what he's missing out on if he doesn't take your deal. that wasn't the plan. where are you going? i'm going to go down there and do what we said we were going to do. i'm going to show mike the innocent people that lost everything because of that bastard. sean, please. if you do that, rachel will find out about everything and that can't happen. why not? because mike chose prison over her once. and if he does it again, she'll never forgive him. mike's problem, not mine. no, that's harvey's problem. he promised mike he wouldn't tell her, and harvey's a man of his word. if he were a man of his word, he would be here right now. so, what are you going to do? i'm going to do what should have been done in the first place. i'm going to tell mike's fianc e that he has a chance to get out but he doesn't want to take it. you want to tell me what that was all about? harvey and cahill got mike out of prison to convince him to take the deal. and harvey brought mike to rachel instead of to sean. he broke mike out of prison. is he crazy? it sounded crazy to me at first, too. but harvey's living with the guilt of putting mike in there and cahill was willing to do it. so, can you blame him? no, i can't. but i want to know how this whole thing shakes out. and i want to know tonight. shh. what time is it? we still have time. oh, my god. oh, i fell asleep. you did. why didn't you wake me? because you looked so peaceful. rachel, come on. i don't want us to waste any. we're not wasting anything. mike, i don't know how well you sleep in there. so, to be able to give you this. thank you. can i cook you something? i'll make you anything you want. no, i just want us to lie here and stare at each other and not say anything. oh, god. you're so beautiful. i thought you wanted us to be quiet. well, i couldn't help it. you know, you always tell me how beautiful i am. you never give me a chance to tell you how handsome i think you are. i thought you loved me for my mind. i do. but that doesn't mean that i don't also think you're handsome. mike, what's going on? there's something i need to tell you. does it have something to do with why you're really here? because i didn't believe what you told me earlier. why didn't you say something? because you're here. so, i didn't care. what's that? i'm unwinding my position with nathan byrnes' company. well, i appreciate that. but i don't need to take home the paper trail. it's not a paper trail. it's an engagement letter. turns out my attorney was filing my positions before he had to, so i let him go. you want me to take you as a client. if you'll have me. on one condition. i hear you've been having fun with louis litt. but it stops now. done. i should have known a guy who would hire a fraud like that would pull a stunt like this. this stunt is going to get you exactly what you want. no, harvey. i'm going to get what i want by telling that kid's fianc e the truth and letting her do the work for me. listen to me, sean. she doesn't know because he doesn't want her to know. i don't give a shit what he wants. then trust me. this is the only way to get what you want. trust you? you lied to my face. i made a judgment call. then look me in the eye and tell me you didn't make that call before you asked me to get him out. i knew it. the whole time, you were always going to bring him here. because this is the way to get it done. then why didn't you tell me that in the first place? because it would have ended up with you wanting to use rachel. it ended there anyway. now, get the hell out of my way. don't make me stop you, sean. are you threatening a federal prosecutor, harvey? you're goddamn right i am. well, you better think about this move more than you thought about the last one. because it's not going to end well for you. as far as i'm concerned, it's the same move. i made a promise and i'm not going to break it. mike harvey. whatever you're fighting about, you can stop. i told rachel everything. i'm taking the deal. then let's get in the car and get moving. . . . .subtitles by. . . 