 when? thirty days. you said you were gonna find maria. judge you have one week to find a witness. after that, his execution date is set in stone. we found the guy who's been feeding sutter his information. phillip allen, i know. he came by to cut a deal two hours ago, so i gave him one. no, you goddamn didn't. relax. as far as the sec is concerned, mike led directly to the witness that's going to put that piece of shit away for the rest of his life. you have a small window to come clean with the sec and save yourself. i would never turn on my own father. i didn't take this deal for that son of a bitch, i took it for my wife. and if you ever contact her again without my blessing, i swear to god, i will beat the shit out of you. jim rogers found your missing witness. she died three years ago. you're informing on your roommate. i know it, you don't get me out of here soon, your bunkmate's going to know it, too. sean they pulled mike's deal. goddamn it. i drove that guy to you. if i tell them that, they're going to know what we did. sean, please. there's got to be another way to make this happen. sean i'm sorry, harvey, there isn't. jessica, can i talk to you for a second? harvey, can it wait? i just got some bad news about our death row case. no, it can't. cahill just pulled mike's deal. what? i thought he was a man of his word. he's saying it wasn't him, it was his superiors. but what difference does it make? it makes all the difference in the world. because if it's him, you can go over his head. i go over his head, everybody knows we're in on this thing together. so, what you're telling me is that not only are they pulling mike's deal, but you're going to lose this case for nothing? yeah, i guess that's what i'm telling you. then you're not going to like what i have to say. but if mike's not getting out, you might as well win. what? harvey, we're in the middle of building ourselves back up. you lose this case, we take it in the knee. jessica, the guy is guilty. and you're his goddamn lawyer and you took this case. and i never would have taken it if it wasn't to get mike out. jessica well, you did take it. and if it's just going to kick us back down the mountain, then i don't care what it takes. you win that goddamn case. judge dorsey we're gathered to hear the united states vs. william sutter on charges of insider trading. is the prosecution prepared to deliver its opening statement? we are, your honor. ladies and gentlemen of the jury. william sutter has been earning outrageous returns for decades. now, i'm sure the defense is going to try to convince you mr. sutter trades with his gut or his instinct or some mysterious explanation that is impossible to verify. but that isn't how he makes his money. and we can prove it. we have a witness that can document giving inside information to william sutter time and time again over the last ten years. and when we present that witness to you, you will be leaping out of your chair to convict that man beyond a reasonable doubt. judge dorsey mr. specter. what the hell witness is he talking about? didn't it have to be in discovery? it sure as hell did. what are you gonna do about it? i'm going to stop it dead in its tracks. mr. specter, is the defense ready to deliver its opening statement? no, your honor, but we are ready to request an immediate three day delay of these proceedings. on what grounds? the prosecution knows what grounds, because he just violated the rules of discovery. your honor, i have absolutely no idea what he's talking about. yes, you do, because you just introduced a witness into your opening statement and this is the first i'm hearing about it. it's the first time you're hearing about it because the witness just came forward yesterday. i'm sorry, did the internet go down? did you go over the limit on your friends and family plan? because we're required to be notified and i don't even know what this person's name is. his name is phillip allen and he's prepared to put that man behind bars where he belongs. mr. cahill, that's enough. your honor, we need three days to depose this witness. this is ridiculous, they've lost, they know it, and they're just trying to stall. then you should have thought of that before you decided to drop this bomb in my courtroom. mr. specter, you have three days. i wasn't expecting you so soon. we have some news we wanted to give you in person. rachel we found maria gomez. leonard, she died three years ago. what does that mean? it means that we have five more days to find something we can use to get your case re opened. sounds like a polite way of telling me that, in days, i'm gone. and what if there was a way to get us more than five days? then let's take it. jessica you have the right to have a family member present at your execution. if you have a relative that's sick who needs time to get better to travel, we can petition the court for a delay and they have to grant it. the woman who raised me, my aunt harriet. she has ms, but. that's not going to do us any good, because she doesn't want anything to do with me. she never came to visit you? she thinks i'm guilty. and says i brought shame on the family. even if you did, you need her now, she has to see that. i reached out to her, rachel, , times my first years here. i wrote her that there was nothing i needed more than to know that i had her support. she didn't give it to me then and she. she's not going to give it to me now. well, maybe if she could see that two women like us believe in you, then she'll be able to believe in you too. if you could make that happen, that would mean the world to me. then we'll make that happen. that was nice work in there, you think it was good enough to get us a mistrial? mistrial? you're lucky they didn't find you guilty after that. what the hell are you talking about? enough bullshit, william. this isn't the sec asking anymore, this is me. who the hell is phillip allen and what the hell is he going to tell them? he's an investment banker who used to work for me. and he's not going to tell them shit about me because he doesn't know shit about me. then why were you so surprised when they said they had him? because he can tell them about my daughter. i get it, he gives inside information to her. so, if this goes down, she goes down instead of you. no one's going down, because they can't prove she told me what he told her. which means if you do your job, we both get off. william, you're taking a huge risk. what the hell do you think i hired a gunslinger like you for? so, stop telling me i can't win and go ahead and start winning. see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody want to know how it feel everybody want to see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie i don't mind. me and missy is so early busy, busy making money all right! all step back i'm 'bout to dance the greenback boogie . . . .subtitles by. . . . p krishna teja p you keep eating eggs every morning, you're gonna have a heart attack. didn't you hear? they're good for you now. what happens five years from now when they become bad for you again? you worried something's going to happen to me? i'm worried i'm going to have to deal with another roommate. took me long enough to get used to you. kevin. i'm sorry. water under the bridge. all right? you had my best interest in mind. you want some bacon? now, that's always going to be good for you. amen to that, brother. look who it is, frick and frack. we're in the middle of a conversation, gallo. oh, i bet you are. mike here is a really good listener, isn't he, kevin? what do you want? nothing. it's just nice to see you guys are such good friends. nice to know you can trust each other. i only wish i could trust that mike here was really working on getting me out on parole. we are working on it. well, you're running out of time. would you listen to me, gallo? no! there's no more listening. you've got until tonight to get harvey down here. after that, i'm gonna to schedule a little hearing of my own. can i help you? i hope so. my name is rachel zane and i'm a lawyer working on your nephew's case. my nephew's case was over a long time ago, and thank god for that. ma'am. i'm here because we believe leonard was wrongly convicted of those murders. well, that's what they all say, isn't it? but just because he suckered you doesn't mean he's going to sucker me. he didn't sucker anyone. i looked at the evidence and i got to know the man. so, you've got proof he didn't do it? we're working on it. but if we can't find a way to push back the execution, then, in days, it won't matter anymore. what do you want from me? i want you to ask the court for a delay so you can be with him at his execution. i'm not gonna watch him die. ms. deon, please, you raised him. i raised leonard from when he was to . i took him in, i loved him. he was no good then and he's no good now. look, if that's the case, you don't have to be at the execution. but if you could sign this request that says you're too infirm to travel this month, it will at least give him the chance to prove you wrong. i'll sign your letter. but i'm not watching him die. thank you. there you are. i've been on pins and needles all morning. how was dinner? it was a complete and total shit show, donna. louis, what happened? what happened was, i found out the woman of my dreams is spoken for. she's married? she might as well be. she has this long term boyfriend who lives in california and they have this arrangement where they see other people. and even though it was the most wonderful night of my life, i'm moving on. i don't understand. the most wonderful night of your life? why did you even stay through dinner? because she gave me some line about being the only person she'd ever done this with. but now that i think about it, what the hell difference does that make? huh. i think it makes all the difference in the world. what are you talking about? louis, if you're really the only man she's ever done this with, then that means you've got something that this other man doesn't have. how could you know that? they've been together three years. i can't compete with that. because when you're happy, you don't go looking somewhere else. donna. louis. i told you i broke up with mitchell, but i didn't tell you why. he wanted to see other people. he wanted to move in with me. and when he asked me, i started picturing a life with him. and that's when i knew he wasn't the right one for me. how can i know i'm the one for her? you can't. but you'll never know if you don't fight for her. harvey specter's office. woman you have a call from danbury federal prison. do you accept. yes. mike donna, it's me. i need to talk to him. i don't have him, mike. he's in court. i don't care where he is. i need to know what's going on with gallo's parole hearing. donna nothing's going on. what the hell do you mean nothing's going on? harvey was hoping that you were going to be out of there before he had to go through with it. goddamn it, donna. gallo knows about me and cahill. if he doesn't see some progress by the end of the day, he's going to tell kevin. mike, harvey didn't want you to know this yet, but. there is no you and cahill. what? cahill pulled your deal. what the hell are you talking about? his superiors said you didn't hold up your end of the bargain. that is bullshit, i've been busting my ass to hold up my end of the bargain. i know that and harvey knows that, and he's trying to get your deal back. well, you tell him that while he's getting around to making cahill honor his goddamn word, maybe he can take just a minute to honor his word and get gallo his goddamn parole hearing. i got it. she signed it? she did, an affidavit from her doctor, too. all right, i'll go to court and make this happen. you start going back through every piece of evidence we have, because this gives us some breathing room to find something, but we still have to deliver. jessica. look, rachel, i know you want to go to court with me, but we don't have the time. no, that's not it. well, then, what is it? she signed the request, but she wouldn't actually agree to be there with him if. rachel, it's not our job to reunite him with his family if it comes to it. it is our job to make sure it doesn't come to it. i meant she doesn't want to come because she thinks that he did it. and if we can't convince his own aunt that he's innocent, how are we going to convince strangers? right now, i'd rather focus on the fact that we're getting the man another days to save his life. mike, sit down, i need to talk to you. you needed to talk to me yesterday when cahill decided to pull my deal. he's saying it was the people above him. and i didn't want to tell you about it until i figured out how to get it back. yeah well, the amount of things you're not telling me are really starting to pile up. i know you found out about gallo, i'm sorry. but i give you my word, it's being taken care of. oh, like my deal was being taken care of? listen to me, i'm going to neutralize phillip allen so you still have a chance to walk out of here. but that's not going to happen if you don't get jill miller to testify against her father. goddamn it, harvey. i've been down that road. jill's not going to go for it and neither is kevin. well, then, you better figure out a way to make him. because once i blow phillip allen out of the water, the next person up on cahill's hit list is kevin's wife. tara hello. hey tara, it's me, louis litt. i know who you are, louis, you don't have to use your last name. well, i don't like to be presumptuous. i mean, you can have another man. i mean, you can have another louis in your life. speaking of other men, louis, i'm glad you called back. i had an amazing time the other night, but i wasn't sure you were okay with what i told you about me having a. oh, please, tara, it's . if a man can't be okay with his woman seeing other men, then what was susan b. anthony even fighting for? well, in that case, louis litt, how would you like to go out tonight? tonight? yeah, i'd love to. then tell me where to be and i'll meet you there at p.m. sharp. okay. jeff jessica pearson in court. i haven't seen that in a while. i like to get back in the ring from time to time. so, what giant companies are you merging today? behemoth steel and global everything? that was tuesday. today, i am here to save a man's life. we took over an innocence project case. innocence project? so, what are you trying to do, rehabilitate your firm's image? what i'm trying to do is help a man get justice. and if doing that helps my firm look good, even better. fair enough. how have you been, jeff? i've been good. listen, i know we talked about me looking you up when this whole mess was over. but i want you to know. it's okay, jessica. i understand. no. what i mean is, it's not over. i'm still in it. you really are fighting to rehabilitate your image, aren't you? i am. it's good to see you, jessica. it's good to see you, too, jeff. what are you doing here, sean? i'm here to protect my star witness. he's got his own attorney for that. i don't care, and we're here for you to get your discovery, not lecture me on procedure. i'm here to demonstrate how mr. allen's cross examination is gonna go. now, sit the hell down. mr. allen, what exactly are you getting in return for your testimony against my client? he's getting immunity for the crimes he committed. are you going to answer for him when he's on the stand, too? what were those crimes? i gave william sutter inside information over the course of a decade. and how exactly did you do that? when my bank was hired to review a transaction and i determined it was going through, i'd call jill miller and i'd give her the relevant names of the parties. jill miller? i'm confused. you told the sec that you were feeding william sutter inside information. we had an understanding. understood by who? william sutter. did you ever have a specific conversation with mr. sutter? i mean, when was the last time you were even in the same room? jill said that he understood. bullshit, you can't testify william understood anything. it's called hearsay. it's called the truth. i don't give a shit what you call it. if you don't have proof, the jury can never hear it. do you have proof? oh, i don't believe this. you don't have a paper trail? i have the phone records. i mean to sutter. she's his goddamn daughter. yeah, and every murderer has a father, too. doesn't mean they're in on the crime. save your metaphors for the trial, harvey. we don't need them here. i don't need to save anything for trial because you made a deal with this man for nothing, you handed me my best witness, and this deposition is over. you son of a bitch. how dare you? how dare i what, sean? defend my own client? bullshit. you weren't trying to defend your client. you were trying to ruin my case 'cause you're pissed off about mike. i sure as hell am. we had a deal, and you broke it. so, now, i'm breaking it, too. well, you know what, harvey? i don't care what you're breaking. because phillip allen gets me the daughter and that gets me right back to sutter. good, because that's exactly what i'd expect you to do. oh, i get it. you aren't trying to win this thing. you just wanted to discredit phillip allen so i had no choice but to reinstate mike's deal. you're damn right that's what i wanted. so, instead of getting mad at me for doing what you should've done in the first place, why don't you start turning up the heat so mike can get this goddamn woman to turn on her father? mike kevin. oh, good, you're here, you can help. i know you made me promise not to bring this up again, but. mike, i told you. listen to me. i just talked to harvey, a man named phillip allen has come forward and. wait, you talked to harvey? listen, this guy cut a deal with cahill. all right? that means he knows all about her. look, what do you want from me? i want you to convince her that this is it. she has a one time chance of getting immunity if she turns on her father now. how the hell do you even know this cahill guy will do that? because i know how bad he wants sutter, and offering jill a deal is the best way to make that happen. or he promises her a deal, then takes it away. and no one's kissing my kids goodnight for the next two years. harvey wouldn't let that happen. he's william's lawyer. he's. he's not selling out his own client. you're his client, too. only to protect the guy who's paying his bills. he doesn't give a shit about me. maybe not, but he does give a shit about me. what are you. what are you saying? i'm saying that offering jill a deal doesn't just get her out of prison. it gets me out, too. you've been informing on me, mike? yes. get the hell out of my sight, you traitor piece of shit. kevin listen to me, i'm only telling you this so that you'll see what. see what? how full of shit you are? telling me you grew up without a mom and dad just to gain my trust? that is not why i did that, and i just told you the truth so that you trust that i care about you. bullshit, because here you are, willing to leave two little kids all alone just to get your goddamn freedom. kevin, i'm sorry, but that. no, you're not, but you're about to be. come on. fight! fight back, you traitor. kevin, we don't have time to. fight me back. listen to me. come on! fight! this isn't done, mike! get him out of here now! no, no, no. get him to solitary now. not solitary! it's my fault! it's my fault! you don't have to do this! shut up, ross! another word and you're going to solitary, too. harvey specter. woman you have a call from danbury federal prison. do you accept the charges? yes. harvey. harvey mike, good. i did my part and i took care of phillip allen. tell me you did yours and got kevin to talk to his wife. i tried. instead, i got him put in solitary. what? how the hell did that happen? i told him i was informing on him and then he started beating the shit out of me. are you kidding me? why would you do that? because lying wasn't getting it done and i'm living on borrowed time, so i thought i might as well tell him, anyway. then you better figure out a way to get him out of there, because we need to get jill to turn on sutter before cahill gets her to. that's why i'm calling you, i already have a way. i just need to know you did that other thing you were supposed to do. i need to know you got gallo his parole hearing. let's get to it. what happened? good news. the court granted our motion. they pushed your execution back a month. i don't believe it. you convinced my aunt i didn't kill those people? no, leonard, i didn't. i don't understand. you, you said that she had to agree to be there for me. she agreed to sign the papers. but she's not gonna come. goddamn it. leonard, don't take your eye off the ball. this was about buying us time. take my eye off the ball? do you even give a shit about me? of course we do. i. i know you do. but i want to know if she cares whether i live or die. i just got your execution pushed back. that's not what i asked you. you didn't even go see her, did you? i have a firm to run. and only one of us needed to get her signature. but two of you could have helped convince her that i'm innocent. don't you get it? the woman who raised me wants nothing to do with me. jessica leonard, i know you're disappointed. but it's not my job to repair your relationship with your aunt. it's my job to get you out of here. i ain't never getting out of here. don't you understand that? so, you go play your game with the courts. but whether it's days or days, it doesn't matter because i'm going to die in here, lady. and the one thing i asked you to do, you didn't. you didn't even care enough to try. just get out. you better be here to tell me i have a hearing. that's exactly what i'm here to tell you, but you're not gonna have anything unless you do something for me. bullshit, that wasn't part of the deal. i don't give a shit. i'm tired of you threatening me. so, if you even want a chance of getting out of here early, you're gonna do something for me. and by the way, it's too late to tell kevin that i've been informing on him, i already did. what do you want? i need you to get him out of solitary. you're kidding me, right? i can't do that. that's bullshit, you switched into my cell the first night, and ever since you've been bragging about everything that you can do in here. so, how about you stop telling me that you can't do it, and just tell me whether or not you will. all right, mikey. i'll get your ticket to freedom out of solitary for you. but if you get out of here and i don't, you should know i can get to you just as easily out there as i can in here. and when i say get to you, you've got to remember what i did to make harvey put me away in the first place. do you want to talk about what happened at the prison? no, rachel, i don't. because whether leonard believes me or not, i really do have a firm to run. i know you do. then you know i have ten other things to do before i get out of here tonight. then i will leave it alone. but for what it's worth, you were there for me when the victim's father lashed out at me. and so, if you want to talk about it with someone, i just want you to know that i'm. i'm here for you, too. i appreciate that, rachel. but right now, i'd rather you spend your time finding something to get leonard bailey out. i will. jeff hello? hi, jeff, it's me. how would you like to have dinner with me tonight? i would love to, jessica. just name the place. what? nothing. i just haven't been in this place since i was here with you. i remembered how much you liked it. so, how come you decided to call me? you said you were still in it. you told me once that you think maybe things happen for a reason. you mean running into me today? i mean after i ran into you, i was pretty much accused of being cold, heartless, and uncaring. and i can take it when it's lawyers saying that about me. but this was from the man whose life i'm trying to save. and you wanted to be with someone who knows a different side of you. i thought i wanted to be with someone who knows that's not a side of me at all. jessica, i told you i loved you once. and when i said that, i meant that one of the things that i love about you is your ability to push emotion aside and knock the shit out of people. so, you think i'm cold but you love that about me? i'm saying that's one of the things that i love about you. the other thing is that, in your heart, you're not cold at all. what do you say after dinner, you take me home? i say i think that we should take it slow this time. listen, i know you hate me right now. but right this second, we are on the same side. i know. you do? yeah. because they just let me out of solitary and i went to call jill. i was going to tell her everything, but before i got a chance to do that, she told me she was indicted. kevin, i'm so sorry. i don't need sorries, mike. i need to find a way to keep my wife out of prison. then let me help you. you can help me. but it can't be by trying to get her to turn on him. because i'm telling you, there is no way in hell she's gonna do that. you really think she's willing to go to prison for him, too? look, the night i found out about her and her father, i asked her how she could have gotten involved in something like this. turns out she found out his whole place was a ponzi scheme. she flipped out on him and he gave her some bullshit sob story about how the returns were running dry. he told her that if she got inside information for him, one time, it would keep them from losing everything. and the next thing she knew, it was too late to stop. yeah, he tricked her. and when i tried to tell her that and get her to quit with me, you know what she said? she said she'd never do that. because no matter what he did with the business, she knew he was willing to run into a burning building for her. so, she was willing to do the same for him. kevin, i need you to let me use your cell phone. i need you to trust me. donna harvey specter's office. donna, it's me. i need your help and i don't have much time. what do you need? i think i have a plan to get jill to talk. mike, shouldn't you be telling harvey about this? i'm calling him next. but whatever we do, we are not going to be able to get her to talk unless you first get her to listen. hey, tara. i know i called four minutes ago and i know you said p.m. sharp. but now, i'm thinking you said p.m. short. and i don't exactly know why that would be. uh. but it's and i'm just wondering what. hello? goddamn it. louis, i just saw you called two times. i'm so sorry i'm late. tara, please, there's no need to apologize. i had them hold the reservation for minutes, and it's only been minutes. so, i'm sure it'll be fine. thank you, louis. the litt party is ready. awesome ness, i'll have a table for you as soon as one is ready. as soon as one's ready? i asked you to hold our reservation for minutes and it's only been minutes, you hipster douchebag. excuse me, sir. is everything okay? no, everything is not okay. this asshole gave away my table. hey, man, it's all good. i'll get you another table. hey, man, it's all bad. i don't want another table. i want the one i reserved. so, why don't you tell those people that you gave them something that belongs to someone else? because i am not going to share the most exquisite table on the planet with another man. louis. this isn't going to work. louis, louis, please. talk to me. look, i know i said i'd be okay with this, but i'm not okay. because the whole time i couldn't reach you, i kept thinking that you were on the phone with him and laughing with him and loving him. and as long as you have another man, i'm always going to think that you're with him or thinking about him. louis, that's not. let me finish. you are the most riveting woman i've ever met. you've cast a spell on me. and i would never tell you how to live your life. but i will not share you with another man. and i don't understand why any man would. i want you, and i want all of you. but if i can't have that. louis? take me home. here, let me help you with that. oh. would you? of course, us redheads have to stick together. thank you. you're welcome, jill. who are you? i'm the woman who tricked you into going to danbury. i have nothing to say to you. please, i came here in person because i don't want to trick you again. then say whatever it is you're here to say. i'm here to tell you about my father. he committed a crime years ago and before he did, he tried to get me to put my toe in the water with him. i said no, but i almost said yes. because i loved him and i knew he was a good man. what do you want from me? the same thing that i wanted the last time. i want you to visit your husband in prison tomorrow, and i want you to keep an open mind. tara louis, i knew you were passionate, but i had no idea how passionate. that was magic. yeah, i take pride in my work. well, you should. well, in that case, there's another show starting in about minutes. okay. you know what that means, don't you? you're going to be exhausted, which means you're going to have to spend the night. well, then, what do you say we make the whole day of it, too? what exactly do you have in mind? there's a dress rehearsal of the barber of seville at the met tomorrow. and i could get us in as patrons. louis. i would love to. william, we need to talk. i'm here, just like you asked. they indicted your daughter. i know, she told me. and i told you, you were playing a dangerous game using her to shield you. jill's a big girl, she can take care of herself. take care of herself or take care of you? are you accusing me of something? i'm not accusing you, i'm telling you. you need to wake the hell up. what did you just say to me? do you know what cahill's going to do once jill is arraigned? he's going to sit her down for as long as it takes until she cuts a deal to give you up. she would never do that. you have no idea what she'll do when they get her into that room. and i'm telling you, if my loser of a son in law didn't cave, then jill sure as hell won't. listen to me, goddamn it. this isn't going to be what it was like with kevin. what do you want from me, harvey? i want you to give me authorization to cut you both a deal. you turn yourself in, you get maybe three years and you keep her out. why the hell would i do that? because if she turns on you, you're going to be getting a hell of a lot more. i'm not cutting a deal. and you think if you're willing to do this to your own daughter, she won't be willing to do it to you? jill's a young woman, i'm an old man. she does a few years, it hardly makes a dent. when she gets out, she can still play tennis and go to pilates and do all the things i always gave her the money to do. you knew it might come to this, didn't you? william i love my daughter, harvey, but she'd be nothing without me. and she knows if she does this for me, she'll be taken care of for the rest of her life. harvey so, that's it. no deal? william no deal. i'm sorry, jill. i want to cut a deal. are you sure? yes. can you do that for me? no, i can't. why not? mike because he represents your father. but i don't. so, i can. tara, i didn't think today could get any better. but whatever you did to that water pressure, it is a thing of beauty. i haven't felt this fresh and clean since. louis, i have to talk to you. what is it? joshua called, he's coming to town tomorrow for two days. but after last night, i thought it was over between the two of you. louis, we've been together for years. i can't just not see him. so, you're going to break up with him? i don't know. welcome to danbury, sean. you know, you're taking a big risk that someone's going to recognize me and figure out that you're up to something. i'd be taking an even bigger risk if i didn't hand this to you personally. you're not going to weasel out of my deal again. what is this? that is an iron clad agreement between your office and jill miller. you're representing jill miller now? yes, i am. does she know that you're not a lawyer? she does. and she's okay with it because i'm also the guy who's keeping her out of prison. let me save you the trouble of reading that. it says that she's going to testify against her father, pleads no contest and receives full immunity. but it also says that you acknowledge that i brought her to you. hmm. well, then, i better bring it to my office and sign it. oh, and for what it's worth, i didn't try to weasel out of your deal. i did everything i could to keep it in place. well, now it's back in place. because i just gave you everything that you need. no, mike, you didn't give me everything yet. because what i still need is william sutter behind bars. what the hell did you do? nice to see you, william. can i get you a drink? you think i wouldn't find out that you recorded me and played it for my daughter? i didn't play it for her, i played it for my other client, kevin miller. jill just happened to be there when i did. and now, she's turning on me. then i guess it turns out she didn't want to wait five years to play more tennis like you thought. goddamn it. you broke attorney client privilege. i didn't break anything, william. because like i just told you, kevin's my client, too. and i had an obligation to share the facts with him. so, instead of attacking me, you should be thanking me. because i went to cahill and cut you the best deal you're ever going to get. why would you do this to me? you did this to yourself, william. you had me represent both you and kevin, which means i had to choose between two clients. and you said it yourself. you're an old man, and they're a young couple, and i chose them over you. i didn't have you represent us both. it was your idea. i guess it was, wasn't it? you son of a bitch. you set me up. and i'm going to make sure the world knows it. you can tell the world anything you want, william. but you've got no proof and you'll be telling it from behind bars. either way, i suggest you sign this deal. because it's the best you're ever going to get. jessica, what are you doing here? i had a great time last night. and i was going to call you about going out again next week because i know you want to take it slow. but then, i found out that you wanted to take it slow because you may not be here much longer. how did you find out? they called for a reference. and what did you tell them? i said they'd be lucky to have you. thank you. why didn't you tell me? because i wasn't sure i was going to take it. but now, you are. jessica, if i thought there would be a chance in the world that you would come with me, i would have asked you. but we both know that's not gonna happen. because you told me it's not over yet. but what you meant is that it's never gonna be over. it's my firm, jeff. it's the thing i've spent my whole life building. and i'm not judging you for it. you are who you are, and i love who you are. but i've been thinking about going back to chicago for a long time now. and as much as seeing you again makes me want to stay here. this is something i have to do. like i said, they're lucky to have you. it's done. sutter took the deal. jill's safe. thank god. i'm, uh, sorry that jill had to hear what she heard. it was the only way, man. besides, you didn't say it. no, but i did know what i was doing when i agreed to inform on you. i'm sorry. you didn't deserve any of that. hey, look when we first met, i let gallo in here. and that was as much a betrayal as what you did to me. mike yeah, but you didn't know me. i knew you. what, are you trying to make me hate you? no. it's just that i'm getting out and you're not. no, i'm not. but you kept my wife out of prison. and as far as i'm concerned, that makes us square. thank you, kevin. where are you going? me? i'm going to give you a few minutes to enjoy the fact that you're getting out. and to call rachel and tell her. hey. donna, i'm onto something. i just need one second to write it down. what is it? what are you so happy about? i think i just figured out a way to get leonard bailey's case reopened. rachel, that's amazing. come on, get your things. we can talk about it on the way out, because we're going to celebrate. no, it's good news but i'm not ready to celebrate. yes, you are. because i'm not talking about your case. rachel, harvey and mike did it. mike's getting out. what? you heard me. they did it. sutter's going away, which means mike's coming home. oh, my god. oh, god. come on. let's go have some fun while you're still single. oh, my. it's mike. hello? hey, it's me. i know it's you. it's over, i'm coming home. i just heard. i love you so much. rachel i love you too. . . . .subtitles by. . . 