 we need you. i just got out of prison. i'm not trying to go back. you're not going back. your title's gonna be consultant. you don't have to do this for me. do me a favor. just think about it. your last lsat score was significantly higher than your previous ones. i studied incredibly hard the last time. did you study hard? or did your fianc study hard for you? i'm pregnant. this has to be some kind of record. louis. it's his. you make impulsive decisions and you go back on them all the time. this is different. how? because it's a baby! you want to merge? jessica, you got knocked down the mountain. without help, you're not going to be able to get back up. i've had my name first for too long. i can't go back to having it last. tara messer, will you marry me? yes, louis, i'll marry you. you can t just throw this all away after we gave everything to save it. no one's saying you have to give up the firm, louis. you just have to let me go. you sure about this? i'm not sure about anything. and it scares the shit out of me. you going to be okay? she was my mentor. but, yeah, i'm going to be okay. hey. if it's going to be much longer, i can just get some on the way. hold your horses, mister. that was the best cup of coffee i've ever had. i told you it was worth the wait. that was nice. it was. and as much as i'd like to spend all day doing it, we should get going. just do me a favor. harvey, i don't think you understand. i told you, once this happened again, i don't work for you any more. donna, you can't leave me. i'm not leaving you, harvey. i just don't work for you. that's leaving me. no, harvey. that's not leaving you. jessica left you. and you need to get it through your head. she's never coming back. what are you thinking about? i'm just thinking about names. i always wanted a boy named cooper and a girl named lucy. louis, i appreciate you thinking about this, but. i know, i'm not the father. it's just that, if i'm gonna help raise him, i'd like to give him something. it doesn't matter. because whatever his first name ends up being, you're going to be the one who gave him his last name. louis, i'm gonna be a litt. which means our children are going to be litts. you really mean that? of course i do. tara, i've got to get going. what. what's wrong? oh, nothing's wrong. jessica left last night, which means harvey and i got to figure out what we're going to do. dad, what are you doing here? i know i'm a little early, but. i came to bring you a graduation present. what? this is a job offer. not just any job offer. an associate at rand kaldor zane. i already have a job when i graduate. rachel, we talked about this. when you graduate, you're going to have to stand before the bar and pass the character and fitness test. and you think working at your firm looks better than working at mine. yes, i do. dad. i. rachel, i understood when you wanted to work there when jessica was still there. but now that she's gone, that firm is going to turn upside down. and i don't want you there when it does. dad, you are my family, and i would do anything for you. but pearson specter litt is my work family and they've always been there for me. i'm not going to leave them when they need me the most. but just remember, as long as i'm running my firm, the offer will always be there. mike, what are you doing here? can i come in? of course. you want a cup of coffee? yeah. that would be good. look, i wanna talk to you about your offer. you thought about it. i did. good. don't tell me you're here to renegotiate the terms. i'm not taking it. mike. just listen to me. when i was on trial, i said that i was given a gift and i threw it away. well, i wasn't just trying to bullshit the jury i meant that. and as easy as it would be for me to just come back and pick up right where we left off, i can't look myself in the mirror if all i'm doing is going back to corporate law. why don't you just come back for a month? what are you talking about? well, it's easier to find a job when you have one. come back, pad your resume while you look for something else. come on, harvey. if i come back for one month, it'll be two months. then six months. the next thing i know, i won't have helped a single person in ten years. that's not true. you'll have helped me. that's not what i meant and you know it. i don't care what you meant. jessica left last night. i know you know that. i just need somebody i can trust until we figure things out. harvey, i'm not doing this. god damn it, you stood in front of me once begging me to hire you and i did. and now, i'm asking you to do the same thing and you're telling me to go screw myself. that's not what i'm doing and you know it. mike, i need this. i'm sorry, harvey. i. i can't. i just can't. see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody wanna know how it feel everybody wanna see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie i don't mind me and missy is so early busy, busy making money all right! all step back i'm 'bout to dance the greenback boogie . . . .subtitles by. . . . p krishna teja p harvey, where you been? we need to talk. louis, if you're here to tell me our bank account is empty and we're on our knees, then i need to have this conversation some other time. well, you're in luck. because i'm here to tell you the opposite. what? i've been here since , going through the books. you're never going to believe this, but between not having to pay any of the partners, signing a few new clients and subletting our space, we're actually flush with cash. are you kidding me? take a look. finally, some good news. now if it's not too much to ask, can we go back to your office and work on a game plan? no, louis, it's not too much to ask. uh, we don't open for another minutes. but if you've got a delivery, i can take it. oh, i appreciate that. but i'm. i'm not here to deliver anything. i'm here for a job. not a lot of lawyers show up to work on a bike. i'm not like a lot of lawyers. to tell you the truth, i'm not like any other lawyer. i like you. if it's up to me, you'd be starting today. but what i can do is let you go on in there. so you'd be the first person they see when they get in. thanks. hey, what's your name? darryl. mike. good luck in there, mike. i think the first thing we should do is send a message that we're back by hiring a new class of associates. yeah, i love the idea of sending a message, but i'm not ready to talk about hiring associates right now. why not? because i'm not. in that case, maybe you're ready to talk about a merger. robert, what are you doing here? jessica didn't tell you? before she left, i offered her a lifeline. and now, i'm going to offer the same thing to you. we appreciate your offer, but. but what? but we don't need your charity. yes, you do. you were struggling before she left. and at noon today, the whole world is going to know that you suffered another blow. the only thing the world's going to know is jessica had such confidence in our abilities that she decided to move on to another phase of her career. i don't care how you want to spin it. even if you manage to keep your clients, you've got a boulder headed your way and you know it. what are you talking about? which one of you two is going to take jessica's seat at the table? because you can only avoid that question for so long. and my money says that the second i leave this room, you two are gonna fight to the death. and what's left of this firm is gonna be ripped apart. so, come see me when that reality sets in. you were right. we should hire a new class of associates. what, are you kidding me? you're gonna ignore that gauntlet he just threw down? he wasn't throwing down a gauntlet, louis. he was trying to capitalize on an opportunity. bullshit, he challenged our leadership. and if we don't get it together right now, he's gonna tell the entire city that we can't even agree on who's in charge. louis, jessica's flight hasn't even touched down yet. i'm not going to get in a pissing contest with you over who should run the firm. i knew it. you don't think i should be the one in charge. what i think is you were here at a.m. looking at the books, figuring out a game plan that i wasn't ready to implement. and now, i am. so, instead of picking a fight with me that i'm not in the mood to have, why don't you do what you said you were going to and hire a new class of associates? hey. oliver. oh. uh, mike. mike. sorry to keep you waiting. what can i do for you? i'd like to apply for a job. that's great. we are definitely short handed right now. are you a lawyer? not exactly. okay. i mean, no. i'm. i'm not. that's all right. we need help across the board. do you have any legal experience? a lot, actually. it's a long story. well, i look forward to hearing it after you fill this out. great. um, do you want me to take it home with me or. it's only two pages. why don't you do it here and get it back to me? i'm just right back there. there's about a dozen miniature deadpools on my desk. don t judge. it's a great movie and you know it. i do know it. i saw it three times. you bullshitting me? of course i am. i want to work here. get it back to me. i'll take care of you. thanks, oliver. anytime, mike. you wanna talk about it? talk about what? you saw mike this morning, didn't you? how did you know? because instead of telling louis that you need to be managing partner because you know he can't handle it, you avoided the conflict because you already had one this morning. he turned me down because he wants to do good in the world. good for him. no, donna. not good for him. jessica left, i need him, and he's hanging me out to dry. he's not hanging anyone out to dry. and in case you forgot, he went to prison. so, he's probably trying to figure out a way to make up for what put him there in the first place. that's my point, donna. he's a convicted criminal. i don't care if he tries mother teresa. any place he goes isn't going to give him the time of day, which means he's not going to be able to do good for anyone. then maybe instead of telling me why he'll never be able to accomplish his dream, you should be figuring out a way to help him do it. what are you doing here, gretchen? i heard you were looking for a new class of associates. so, i went ahead and contacted every top law school in the country. these are the resumes of the best candidates. throw them away. what? louis, you're not telling me you're still going with that harvard only bullshit, are you? i'm saying instead of picking fresh fruit off the vine, i'm gonna steal some ripe bananas right out of the grocery store. the question is, whose grocery store are you planning on knocking over? it's robert zane. and before you try to talk me out of it, he just said that i'm not fit to lead right to my face. then give me a gun and point me up the hill. because if he's coming after you, he's coming at me. and i got your back. you convince simms chemical they had no proprietary right to your client's patent? not only that, i got them to pay for half the research. it's good to see you, louis. it's good to see you too, katrina. listen, if you came here to make sure that i kept my word. oh, katrina, that was a long time ago. i'm here because i want you to come home. back to the firm? yes. back where you belong. louis, i can't do that. yes, you can. and not only that, you can get the ten best associates from robert zane's stable to come with you. louis, assuming i agreed to do that, what makes you think i could even convince the ten worst associates to come with me? this does. what is this? it's the class list of rand kaldor zane associates in the last years. back then, six of made partner. ten years ago, it was down to three. the class of ' . don't tell me. zero. look it up. none of you are ever going to make partner because there is no room at the top. and what's in this for me? you make this happen by the end of the week, i'll make sure that you are the youngest senior partner we have ever had. michael. what are you. what are you doing here? it's a long story, but i, uh. i ended up getting out early. i'm glad. uh, what's on your mind? i've been out job hunting all day. nice. what kind of work? uh, legal clinics. i want to find a way to give back. well, you didn't come here just to tell me that. i came to tell you that every application i filled out today asked if i was a convicted felon. michael, please tell me that you're not thinking about lying again. no, i'm not. i just don't know what to do. you know, i know that none of these places are gonna hire me after seeing i checked that box. you don't know that, michael. it's the first day. i know i saw different looks on different faces and they all said the same thing. well, what if i told you i know a place where they won't give you that look? are you offering me a teaching job? yeah. i am. and a legal clinic isn't the only way to give back. father, i'm not sure if you heard me. i'm a convicted felon. michael, you. you came from here. and if we can't offer redemption to one of our own, then what kind of church are we? i don't know, father. father conroy's going on vacation for two weeks. just take his classes. see what it's like. the worst thing is you'll realize that this isn't right for you. dean herrick? is this a good time? of course. have a seat, rachel. what's on your mind? i wanted to know what you think my chances are of passing the character and fitness portion of the bar? why are you coming to me with this? because you questioned my integrity once before and i. i want to know did you mean it or were you just helping anita gibbs? you want the truth? that's why i'm here. then my answer is if i were on the ethics committee, i don't know whether i'd pass you or not. because the fact is, you're engaged to a man who pretended to be a lawyer. and i find it hard to believe that you didn't know about it the whole time. and since then, he's paid his dues. and what about you? what about me? do you think the committee would have me break up with the man that i love just because he went to prison? what does that say about character and fitness? you make a good point. and if i were you, i'd be prepared with some others. because i'd say one day soon, you're going to have to make your case. and do you think i have a better chance of making my case if i work for my father instead of at pearson specter litt? yes, i do. hey. you look like that famous professor, henry gerard, but there's no way that guy's still teaching at his age. i don't think you could ever call what that clown did teaching. he had his moments. good to see you, harvey. i'd ask you to join me for dinner, but i'm pretty sure that that's not what you came here for. mike ross got out of prison. as far as i'm concerned, there's no reason he shouldn't be able to practice law again. i don't disagree. but technically, he didn't practice it in the first place. well, that's exactly why i'm here. if mike's gonna have a chance to pass the character portion of the bar, he's gonna need someone like you to testify on his behalf. someone like me, or me? i didn't fly all the way up here for someone like you. harvey, i'd love to help. but you know as well as i do, i'm not the one you should be coming to. you're exactly who i should be coming to. it's the new york bar. i'm a massachusetts professor. henry, please. harvey. even if i did what you're asking, i'm not the one that's going to make the difference. then who is? you know who is. you're just afraid to go and see them. hey. what's going on? what do you think? blue or this maroon one? you got a job in one day? yeah, i wouldn't be trying on ties if i didn't. mike, that's amazing. i knew people would see the real you. wait, don't tell me. the clinic in morningside heights. actually, uh, the church in queens. what? father walker offered me a teaching position at st. andrews and i said yes. so, you're gonna be a teacher. why? you think it's a bad idea? no. no. i just. i thought that you wanted to stay connected to the law. i do. but none of those places are ever going to call me back. you don't know that because it's only been one day. rachel, it's time for me to accept the truth. i am a convicted felon. i am never gonna be able to practice law again. at least this way, i'll be able to do some good. then i'm glad. because you are going to make a great teacher. hey, everyone. good morning. as most of you are aware, father conroy is on a well deserved vacation. i should know. i don't think he's had one since i had him here years ago. i get it. i wouldn't be impressed by me either. um. i don't know if you guys like movies, but, uh, every movie i've ever seen starts with the sub writing his name on the board, then the kids can throw something at him. so, why don't we get that part out of the way right now? i have a short name, so i'll take my time. mr. ross. but you guys can call me mike. okay, what did you guys come up with? who did this? team effort. you think this is funny? i sure do. how about you, chris? cracks me up that our teacher was in prison last week. all right. well, now that we've all had our fun, we open up our textbooks to chapter , the battle of appomattox. we did that yesterday. no, you didn't. father walker gave me your syllabus. this is what we're covering today. come on. yeah, well, we all forgot our books. well, then, i guess we have no choice but for you to read from mine. i just have one question before i read. you ever drop the soap in the shower? donna, do you mind calling dr. lipschitz for me? gretchen's at her grandson's play. i know where gretchen is, louis. i've been answering her phone all morning. now, would you like to tell me why a katroina bonnett just called to say operation fly the coop was a resounding success? sounds like the wrong number. hmm. sounds like you just got katrina bennett's help poaching half robert zane's associates. how could you possibly guess that? gretchen's grandson could have guessed that. louis, robert zane is a bear, and you just poked him. i didn't poke him. he poked me when he came all the way down here to question my ability to be managing partner. no, he came all the way down here because he's trying to help us. and if you're trying to prove something to him, it's not gonna work. oh, it is going to work. and for your information, i'm just getting started. what's that supposed to mean? it means that gretchen's still out, and i need you to set up a meeting with jeremy cohen. louis, that's zane's biggest client. i know he goddamn is. he's about to be my biggest client. i don't believe this. you're trying to tell the world that you should be managing partner and the first thing you do is burn every bridge in sight? i don't care if i burn every bridge ever built. i am not letting robert zane come in here and push me around the day after jessica leaves. so, get jeremy cohen on the goddamn phone, donna, or i'm not gonna forget you didn't. then don't forget it, louis. because when this comes back to bite you in the ass, i want you to remember that i tried to stop you and you didn't listen. what are you doing here, harvey? i'm here for a fresh start. i assume by fresh start, you mean you want me to do something to help mike ross now that he's out in the world. anita, you heard his speech to that jury. he was given a gift and he threw it away. and the reason it was so effective is 'cause he meant it. get to the point, harvey. if mike puts himself in front of the character and fitness committee, will you stand up there with him? i don't believe this. he's not been in there three months and you want me to help him con more people? he's not trying to con people. he's trying to help people. then let him go work in a soup kitchen. look, you proved your point. the whole world knows he's a fraud and he may not have served his entire sentence, but he deserves a chance to lead a life now that he's out. so, why don't you go back to the same person that got him out in the first place? what? don't act like you don't know what i'm talking about. sean cahill has as much sway over that committee as i do, and he owes mike. i don't. so, why aren't you going to him? because a word from the woman who put him away is worth , from the guy who got him out. nice try, but you two did something to get that kid out, and you don't want to shine a light on that by appearing together in public. that's not true. no? well, let's get cahill on the phone right now and see if his lies match your lies. i didn't think so. you're the same man you were when mike went in. and the fact that he made a crooked deal to get himself out, lets me know that he is, too. anita. sell it somewhere else, harvey. because i'm done. now i know why school ends at . why is that? because if it went till , no teacher would ever come back again. i take it you had a rough first day. you never told me you were going to put me in a class full of juvenile delinquents. would you have taken my offer if i had? i don't know. michael, you said you wanted to help people. these kids need your help. i wanted to help people as a lawyer, not as a teacher. what's the difference? the difference is clients actually want my help. michael, these kids need it. they just don't know it. i don't know, father. this is. michael, if i just needed someone to grade papers and take attendance, i could have got a trained monkey to do that. i wanted you because i thought you, of all people, could get through to them. and how am i supposed to do that in two weeks? if it takes more than two weeks, so be it. father conroy's not on vacation, is he? no, michael, he's not. he's got cancer. he's probably never coming back. and when exactly were you planning on letting them in on that? because you're not doing them any favors by keeping it from them. you're right, i'm not. was going to tell them this week, but then you showed up. i know you don't think things happen for a reason, michael, but i do. i thought maybe the reason you came to see me when you did is because teaching's your real calling. i'll understand if you don't wanna come back tomorrow. just let me know. i'll take the class myself. all right, everyone, take your seats. would you. put the ball away. cell phones, too. i'm not gonna say it again. sit the hell down! i was gonna come in here and talk about what happened yesterday. i figured if you guys had the balls to put that picture on my desk, then you're probably old enough to hear about what prison was like. what i did to get there. how i thought about being killed every single day. i don't wanna talk about me. i'm. i'm nobody to you. father conroy is dying. what? that's right. he's got cancer. he's probably not gonna make it. that's the reason that i'm here and he's not. so, we can get to work or we can spend the morning sharing our memories of a man who spent the last years giving his life to kids like you and me. third grade, camping trip to lake kanawauke. fishing with a stick. he's still fishing with a stick? still coming up empty. he taught me how to swim on that trip. yeah. me, too. i don't mean to interrupt you, but i'm pretty sure you didn't mean to leave this in the mackenzie file. oh, my god. gretchen, i'm sorry to put you in this position, but i have to ask you to please don't tell anyone. you don't have to ask me anything. what you do is your business. you don't understand. it's not what you think. doesn't matter what i think. you got to take care of yourself. if my father offered me a job in a firm with my name on it, well, i'd be leaving things in files by mistake, too. gretchen. if this was just about that, then i. i wouldn't be thinking twice. i would just tell him no. then if you don't mind my asking, what is it about? my father thinks i have a better chance of getting past the bar if i'm not still working at the firm that hired mike. but you're loyal to the people here and you don't want to leave them. yes. but if it means that i can't be a lawyer at all, i. i can't help you with that part of the equation. but. if tweedledee and tweedledum don't get it together, you may not have to make that decision at all. katroina bonnett, as i live and breathe. pouis pitt, i do declare. no, uh, you see. katrina, you need to work on your code name for me, because it's way too obvious. you're right, louis. katroina bonnett is the gold standard in spy craft. precisely. now, get your game face on, because i just set up our first meeting for tomorrow. i was born with my game face on. who are we going after? j.c. analytics. what? that's zane's biggest client. yeah. that's exactly why we're going after him. listen to me. whatever time you set up that meeting, i guarantee you jeremy cohen called robert two minutes later. which means we need to figure out a way to make amends. no, i don't need to make amends. i need to make a statement. and that statement is do not mess with the new managing partner of pearson specter litt. louis, that is the wrong statement to make. and if you insist on making it, i won't come work for you. god damn it, katrina. i thought you were a killer. i am. but i'm not gonna take a shot at the man who's doing both of us a favor. what? louis, we have non competes. and i was working on a way to get around them when zane caught wind of what we were doing. and he not only waived them, he wished us luck. oh, my god. he really was trying to help us and i couldn't see it. does that mean you're not going to go after his client? it means a whole lot more than that, katrina. it means i'm not ready to be managing partner. you wanted to see me, father? yeah. uh, sit down, michael. look. if this is about what happened in class today, i know it wasn't my news to share. but if i'm gonna get through to them, i have to be honest with them. it's not about that. one of the students told his parents that you were in prison. the parents called the archdiocese to see if it was true and then. don't say it. i'm sorry, michael. i tried to explain the situation to them, but they wouldn't budge. you have nothing to feel bad about, father. you took a chance. someone else will, too. i'll see you around, father. take care of yourself, michael. i know it's only been a couple of days, but, uh, will you say goodbye to the kids for me? of course i will. robert. twice in one week. what brings you by? do you really think you could try to poach my oldest client without me finding out? what the hell are you talking about? i'm talking about jeremy cohen. i don't know anything about jeremy cohen and i'm not trying to poach anyone. then you're even less prepared to be a leader than i thought. because your partner's out there coming after my firm and you don't even know it. maybe louis wouldn't be doing that if you hadn't come here with some bullshit merger designed to rip us apart. are you really that stupid? are you really telling me that isn't what you wanted? if i wanted to rip you apart, you'd be in a million pieces right now. because jessica is gone and you're not in my league. i offered the merger because my daughter has some kind of misguided loyalty to you and i didn't want to extinguish that spark in her. if i'm not in your league, why is she loyal to us instead of you? watch yourself, harvey. robert, i'm not looking to get in a fight with you. but as my partner told you before, we don't need your charity. then i'll stop giving it to you. but you better put that dog on a leash and shut that shit down, or i'll shut you down. the next time you want something from me, mr. ross, at least have the balls to ask me yourself. what are you talking about? you're gonna tell me you had nothing to do with harvey asking me to help you get a law license? that's exactly what i'm telling you. i didn't even know about it until you just showed up here and told me. then why did i get five calls from five different legal clinics all asking about your case? because the day after i got out, i followed through on my promise to that jury to try to do some good. if that's all you came here to say, why don't you leave me alone? i've had a rough day. i'm going to leave you alone. but not before i tell you what i tried to tell your old boss. you want to do good, be my guest. but do it in another profession. because if i ever even catch wind of you trying to get work at any of these places, you can bet your ass i will do everything i can to stop it. did you know what louis was up to? i did. why didn't you tell me? because i said louis wasn't ready to be managing partner, but maybe you aren't either. because you're not around enough to know what's going on around here. i don't believe this. you're the one who said do something about mike. yes, i did. but i didn't say that you should spend your entire existence doing it. donna. harvey, you can't do whatever you want. jessica's not here to pick up the slack anymore. you think i don't know that? well, if you do, then it's time you do what she would have done already. you need to tell louis he can't be managing partner. he doesn't want to hear it. i know that. but the real reason we're having this conversation is that you're afraid to say it. it's up to you, harvey. either step up and take the reins or start looking for another job. because if you don't tell louis he's not ready to run this firm, we're going to be out of business one way or the other. what the hell did you do? mike, not now. i'm not in the mood. well, i wasn't in the mood when i got home to find anita gibbs waiting for me. mike, i'm sorry. you're sorry? she came to my house to tell me that if i even so much as try to get a job at a legal clinic, she's going to make it her life's mission to stop me. she can't do that. did you hear me? i wasn't even on her radar. i had one thing i wanted to do and you ruined it for me just because you can't accept the fact that i don't want to come back here. i wasn't trying to get you back. i was trying to help you. i don't believe you. mike. are you telling me you don't want me to come back here? of course i do, and you can come back anytime. but that doesn't mean that. i don't care what it means. and just to make it absolutely clear in case there is any doubt. if by some miracle, the hand of god touches me and i'm somehow able to practice law again, this is the last place that i am ever coming back to. mike. stop messing with my life. harvey. i'm glad you're here. i was just going to come talk to you. what for? to tell me how you tried to ruin everything that jessica has ever worked for by making an enemy of the one man who's been trying to help us? that's what i wanted to talk to you about. you couldn't even shine jessica's shoes and now you're trying to tear her legacy down. i was trying to live up to her legacy. yeah, i don't give a shit what you think you've been doing. harvey, please. just let me say what i was going to say. you know what? i don't care what you were going to say to me, louis. because all you care about is proving to me that you should be managing partner when everyone in the world knows that you shouldn't. me, robert zane, even donna. harvey, please. jessica didn't want your name up on the wall. so, if you think i'm gonna let you be managing partner while she's still breathing, you're out of your goddamn mind! harvey. that's enough. i have the start paperwork for those associates in case you wanna look it over. i'll just leave it here. i was gonna tell him, you know. i was gonna tell him that he. he's the one that should be managing partner. louis, you may have your flaws, but he had no right to talk to you like that. yes, he did. i did everything he said i did and the reason i did it is because all i ever care about is for people to see me as more than i am. louis. the funny thing is, all i ended up with was the shortest, most humiliating run as managing partner in the history of the world. if you ask me, you may have had a short run, but you made your mark. what are you talking about? well, unless i'm mistaken, we have ten associates starting tomorrow who chose to come here over one of the best law firms in the city. they did that because of you. it was because of me, wasn't it? yeah. and you did that all on your own. nobody asked you to do it. where i come from, they call that stepping up. you're right. it is. thank you for being the secretary to the shortest tenured managing partner in history. well, now that you mention it. before you hand over your reins, there's something you can do to cement the future of this firm. what's that? show a little love to someone who's been loyal to us for as long as i've known her. rachel, you have a minute? honestly, louis, i am swamped. so, if it can wait until tomorrow. i wish it could, but it can't. is everything okay? yeah, except for one thing. i have been derelict in my duties as head of the associates. i don't understand. rachel, you've given your heart and soul to this firm for almost ten years. and now that you're about to become a lawyer, i'd like to formally extend you an offer to work here as soon as you graduate. this says second year associate. i know it does. i. i don't know what to say. i think you do. you're right. yes, louis, i accept your offer. all right, you drive a hard bargain. third year associate it is. thank you, louis. no. thank you, rachel. she's not coming back, you know. i know she's not. do you? because you just lashed out at louis when your intention was to let him down gently. and i find it hard to believe it had nothing to do with this office being empty. she didn't even come back to say goodbye. she just packed up her things. harvey. they're all leaving, donna. first jessica, now mike. they're family. and family's not supposed to. harvey, i've always stayed away from a certain subject with you, but i can't anymore. you always talk like we're your only family. we're not. you have another one, and you need to reconcile with them. donna, i am not gonna go. enough is enough. you need to go make things right with your mother. because as long as you keep her at arm's length, you're gonna keep looking to us to fill that void and i'm not sure that any of us can. please. go see her. . . . .subtitles by. . . 