 harvey. bobby. you get the hell out of my father's house! i am walking out of here with that thing in my hands or i'm putting your firm in the ground. take the painting. you told me that painting was the one happy memory you had of your mother. every application i filled out today asked if i was a convicted felon. none of these places are going to hire me after i check that box. a legal clinic isn't the only way to give back. are you offering me a teaching job? i am. you think this is funny? cracks me up that our teacher was in prison last week. all you care about is proving to me that you should be managing partner when everyone in the world knows that you shouldn't. so, if you think i'm gonna let you be managing partner, you're out of your goddamn mind! one of the students told his parents that you were in prison. i tried to explain the situation to them, but. i'm sorry, michael. they're all leaving, donna. first jessica, now mike. they're family. you always talk like we're your only family. you need to go make things right with your mother. mike, what are you doing here? i thought school started at . it does. i just don't work there anymore. what? what happened? one of the students told their parents that i was a criminal. oh. they went to the archdiocese and. you know, father walker had no choice. why didn't you tell me this last night? because i didn't want to step on your moment. you were so happy about louis' offer. so, what are you going to do? i'm going to take the day to enjoy my life as a free man. and then, tomorrow, i'll start all over again. hey. ray's downstairs waiting for you. i didn't call him. i did. he's got your black suit and an overnight bag, and he's taking you to the train station. donna. you need to go to your father's funeral, harvey. i can't. there's too much going on here. listen to me. you just suffered a huge loss and you're acting like it's business as usual. i'm acting like i've got a job to do. harvey, if you don't grieve him. i will grieve my father in my own way. no, you won't. you'll bottle it up and you'll try to move on. but. she's gonna be there, donna. i know she is. but this funeral isn't about her. and it's not about you. it's about your dad, the man you loved more than anyone in the entire world. and if you don't say goodbye to him, you're gonna regret that for the rest of your life. donna, what are you doing here? the question is, what are you still doing here? i made you an reservation to boston which means you should be halfway there by now. i missed my flight. harvey, you never miss your flight. and the last time you said you did, you were lying to me then, too. donna. please tell me you didn't change your mind about seeing her. i didn t. then what's the problem? i haven't seen the woman in seven years. and the last time i did. i know what happened the last time you did. listen to me. every day. you go out in the world and you find a way to win. it's who you are. it's what you do. donna, this isn't about winning. yes, it is. but it's not just one person in this case, it's two. and right now, you're both losing. what if i can't do it? then don't get on that plane. but that bag sitting over there tells me that you're ready to forgive her. and if you are, then that's all you need to do. see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody wanna know how it feel everybody wanna see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie i don't mind me and missy is so early busy, busy making money all right! all step back i'm 'bout to dance the greenback boogie . . . .subtitles by. . . . p krishna teja p nathan. you remember me. i remember everyone. what are you doing here? i'm here because i may not have been there when you dropped off your resume, but. i still run that clinic. i'm here to offer you a job. i don't understand. hector suarez. i'm assuming you remember him, too, right'? what about him? well, after you left, i picked up your file. don't tell me. you kept him in the country. no, mike. you did. and i thought, maybe this guy will become a lawyer someday. and then i read about you in the paper last year and found out you never did. so, you knew that i faked being a lawyer twice, and you're still here to offer me a job? i wouldn't be, except for this. you told the truth. as far as i'm concerned that means you're worth taking a chance on. wow, you really are a do gooder. i'm not here to do good for you. i'm here to do good for my clinic. because i'm hiring a partner level attorney from one of the top firms in the city for the price of the kid who gets me my coffee. you have a kid who gets you coffee? no, we can't afford that. but if we could, i'd pay him what i'm going to pay you. so, are you in or not? when do i start? i don't think i've ever seen you in a suit before. harvey, you made it. uh, wouldn't miss it for the world. come here. uh. huh. harvey, listen. um. you don't have to say it. i know. she's here. it's not just that. she asked if she could say a few words about dad. and what, you're going to let her? harvey. she is not saying a single word as long as i'm here. yes, she is. and if you make a scene in front of my kids on the day that we put our dad into the ground, i swear to god, i will beat the shit out of you. because she's my mother, and i'm going to let her say her piece. hey. harvey. it's good to see you. i wish i could say the same thing, lily. but i'd be lying if i did. well, i'm sorry you feel that way. and whether you believe it or not, i loved your father, and i am sad to see him go. yeah, well, i don't believe it. and i didn't come here to see you, i came here to honor my father. so, get up there and say what you're going to say and let's get this over with. harvey. what are you doing here? i wanted to talk to you. i can't believe it. this is wonderful. i thought maybe you wanted to get dinner tonight. there is nothing i would rather do than get dinner with you, but i can't tonight. i wish you would have called. i would have, but, uh. you didn't have my phone number. no, i didn't. how about tomorrow night? i wasn't really planning on being here two nights. my firm is in a vulnerable spot right now. harvey, it's the kids' art show. it's once a year. i can't cancel it. you know what? this is silly. you flew all the way up here. no. we can do it tomorrow night. don't tell me. you took the job. actually, until this morning, i didn't think there was a chance in hell i was getting this job. sounds to me like you had a friend at the front desk who put your resume at the top of the pile. sounds to me like i owe that person a beer. just so we're clear, i'm that guy. i get the picture. welcome to the clinic, mike. thanks, oliver. i see you met oliver here. i did. we got along right away. good, good. well, you're off to a good start. i guess the only thing left is for you to show me where my desk is. right. it's, uh, right inside that office right there. i didn't think i was getting an office. look, just because i'm paying you dick doesn't mean i'm not gonna give you the tools for the job. what exactly is my job? because as far as i can tell, i'm the only one here with an office. everybody, listen up. you have a new supervisor, starting today. his name is mike ross. mike is from pearson specter litt, and he knows more about law than all of you combined. so, if mike tells you to do something, you do it. i don't mean to question the new world order, but what is his title? great question, marissa. um. senior individual in charge of you. any more queries? i didn't think so. all right, back to work. let's go. you really weren't kidding when you said you were doing this for you. no, i wasn't. i've been trying to get somebody in this position for this money for the last years. and now that i have, i'm going to take full advantage of it. then why don't you go back to wherever your office is and stay there for the rest of the year? 'cause i'll be busy kicking ass out here. that's what i like to hear. hey. who do you have to know around here to get a good table? oh, jesus christ. do my eyes deceive me, or do you look just like my big brother? only older, fatter and douchier. i appreciate you noticing. i put in a lot of effort. seriously, harvey, why are you here? i thought it was time to, uh, make my peace with morn. harvey, that's great. but, uh, a lot has been said over the years. you can t just show up on mom's door. actually, i already did. what? when? i went over to the college. she's having an art opening tonight for her students. so, we're going to have dinner here tomorrow night. well, then, i will get you a table. and what you're going to do is cancel whatever fancy bullshit hotel you booked and you're going to stay the night with us. marcus, come on. i'm at the ambassador suite at the ritz. don't think of saying no, because i'm going to tell katie and the kids that you're here. do you guys offer room service? if by room service you mean string cheese and triscuits. oh, yeah. we've got room service. all right. well, then, count me in. marissa, right? mike. i know. the new boss. what? uh, it's nothing. it's just, where i come from, the, uh. the bosses don't bike to work. i guess this is no pearson specter litt. no, it's not. which is actually why i came here. i'm glad. because there are a lot of people here who could really use your help. but i'm not one of them. aren't you still a law student? a law student who's won every case i've had since i've been here. right. so, i guess that means you have everything under control on the price case then. you just got here. how did you. i'm a fast reader. marissa, i'm not trying to throw my weight around here on the first day. but according to her file, ms. price missed her court date. which means i need to know what your plan is. my plan is to have ms. price explain that she is a single mother living in an apartment with a broken window and no heat for months, and they're trying to kick her out. and if all you're going to do is tell the judge that it's not fair, you're going to lose. you need legal foundation. i have legal foundation. berger v. chozick. tenants are permitted to seek injunctive relief if vital repair requests have gone unanswered. then i hope you have backup. 'cause the attorneys representing the other side have kicked out tenants in the past six years, which means they are not messing around. i'm not either. which is why i have ms. price coming in at tomorrow. so, is there anything else i can help you with? or maybe you can spend some time on some of the other people's cases around here. louis, i need your help. of course. what is it? teddy doyle just called. he has an emergency. so, you mean harvey needs my help. louis. donna, give me one good reason why i should help him. you're not helping harvey, louis, you're helping the firm. teddy is a client of all of us. no. harvey made it clear that there is no us. louis, harvey's going through something right now. his outburst wasn't about you. you can believe whatever you want. but harvey lashed out at me. and now, he's not even man enough to come to me to ask me for help himself? why should i even lift a finger to help him? because he went to go make things right with his mother. and he did it because of how he felt after he lashed out at you. otherwise, he'd be taking care of teddy himself. so, do you want to help him or not? what do you need me to do? mike? what's going on? rachel, i thought you weren't getting home till . it's . i guess i lost track of time. i have just been buried in this paperwork. yeah, i can see that. are we being audited? igor a job. and i would have called you right away but i've been swamped from the minute i walked into the clinic. you got a job at a legal clinic? mike, that's amazing. yeah, it is. um. and yes, they know about me. in fact, it's the reason i got hired. let me guess. they were smart enough to appreciate they can get someone with your experience for cents on the dollar. you got it. , a year, to be exact. mmm. which means that we should probably start packing up the place now, because we definitely cannot afford to live here anymore. i would live in a shoebox with you if it meant you were happy. oh. i think you meant that you would live in a shoebox as long as the thai place still delivered. and the sushi place. of course. you want one? you kidding me? after reading pinkalicious for the seventh time? i need a six pack. it was nice putting them to bed. oh, yeah. let's hear you say that after doing it days a year. i thought katie put them to bed most nights. yeah. i was saying it for her. thanks for making me stay over, marcus. well, maybe after tomorrow night, you could do it more often. maybe. thank you all for coming. i'm lily. i was married to gordon for almost years. we didn't make it the whole , and for a long time, i considered myself a failure because of that. but gordon didn't. a few years after our divorce, i wanted to apologize for things not working out. he just smiled and said, lily, what the hell are you talking about? we achieved something together that neither one of us could have done on our own. our sons. harvey and marcus. when gordon was on the road, he would call home. six times a day to check on them. did they eat enough dinner? had they done homework? how many points did marcus score? did harvey get his tux for the prom? gordon was proud of a lot of things in his life, but none of it compared to how proud he was of them. they were his everything. and no matter where he is. i know he is watching over them right now. what are you doing here? i'm doing my job. this is my case, not yours. no, marissa, it's our case. we're on the same side. and if you'd just listen to me, you might learn something. like what? like the ways experienced attorneys can trick you. i'm not gonna get tricked. so, if you don't mind, i'd like to meet with my client. i've already met with her. you met her without me? when did you do this? a half hour ago. you said , so i called her in at , because i knew you wouldn't give me the chance to meet her. just like i know the other side is gonna approach her when you're not there. they can't do that. why? because it's unfair? because it's illegal. only if she pursues them, which she'll never do. because they're gonna find out whatever her weak spots are and then they're gonna offer her exactly the amount she needs to get by, and then she's gonna take it. if she does that, she'll end up homeless. which is why we need to be prepared for it to happen. now, do you want to work on this thing together or not? i'm sorry i didn't tell you that she was going to speak before you got here. i just didn't have it in me to have it out with you. it's okay, marcus. she got to you, didn't she? i'm sad about dad. and, uh, yeah, she pulled on that string. but one speech doesn't make up for everything. maybe it doesn't. but you have to start somewhere. yeah. well. i'm going to head back home. oh, come on, harvey. come to the house for the wake. i got a few things i got to take care of at work. oh, come on, harvey. you're not leaving because of work. it's time to let things go. i complained about the heat not working a million times. the landlord always says he's going to fix it, and then nothing happens. we couldn't afford to move, so i was just making do. but then, my little guy, he got asthma. the doctor said that we need to keep all of the windows shut, keep out the pollution. but the window in the living room, it's been broken for seven months. my son is only three years old. the sound of him wheezing at night, not knowing if he's gonna wake up in the morning. so, i thought, since that slumlord only cares about money, i'm not gonna pay rent until he fixes the window and turns on the heat. i'm so sorry, sofia. that sounds terrible. it is. and no one should have to live like that. but by violating your lease, he has grounds to evict you. which is why you have to give him a check for the money you owe him while this case moves forward. i. i can't do that. you don't have the money anymore. i had to buy blankets, space heaters. there were a couple of nights that a.j.'s breathing was so bad, we had to go to a motel down the street. don't worry, sofia. not only are we gonna get your window fixed, but i promise you, you'll get to keep your home, too. thank you. are you crazy? what are you talking about? you just told her you were gonna fix her problem. because i'm going to fix her problem. that's not the point. even if you think you can make everything better, you don't guarantee that to a client. you know what? maybe you don't care about these people, but i do. oh, my god. and i'm willing to fight to make sure they stay in their home and i'm not afraid to tell her that. this is not about caring. there's a real world out there. and like i told you, there's an experienced lawyer on the other side looking to exploit our mistakes. if you over promise and under deliver, you're just making them that much more vulnerable to a shitty offer. is that what they taught you in corporate low balling ? excuse me? you don't give a shit about these people. and nathan and everyone else here might be buying your bullshit, but i know why you're really here. i get it. you checked up on me. i didn't need to check up on you. i've heard your story , times. you couldn't hack it at your corporate law firm. so, you're slumming it here until you can figure out a way to jump back into your cushy, stick it to the working man job. i see that i'm right. so, keep your wisdom to yourself. because i'm actually here to help people, not just remind them what a cruel world it is out there. harvey specter's office. donna, it's me. harvey, hey. are you almost here? because your is in the conference room. i'm not back in new york yet. you were right, donna. about what? if i'd missed his funeral, i never would be able to forgive myself. good luck making up with your mom. how did you know? because you've never missed a flight in your entire life. and the only reason you'd stay longer is if things are going better than you thought they would. thanks, donna. i don't need your thanks, harvey. i'm just really happy you're there. i know what you're thinking. how could she not know? i checked the box. you did. but i was the one who brought the application to nathan and he told me not to tell anyone. why not? because he didn't want them to judge you. i would have thought everyone knew, anyway. why would you think that? because it was all over the journal. people here don't read the journal. we read the huffington post. so, what marissa thinks is what they all think. i don't know. but for what it's worth, i wouldn't have said anything whether nathan told me to or not. it's not my story to tell. thank you, oliver. yeah. you made your strawberry pie. it was his favorite. maybe you forgot it was mine, too. i didn't forget. it was a nice speech. thank you, harvey. harvey. when my parents died, i felt like i was completely alone in the world. i don't want you to feel that way. i want you to know that whether you want me in your life or not, you still have a mother that loves you and will always be there for you. i know that. harvey, i'm. i'm sorry for your loss. are you kidding me? you brought him here? harvey. i said you have the nerve to bring him here? he's my partner. is that what you call every guy you slept with while you were with dad? don't speak to me like that. bobby and i are still together. you think i give a shit? you should, because it shows what kind of man i am. you're a piece of shit. you have no right being here the day we put my father in the ground. harvey, please. we were just about. yeah, i don't care what we were about to do. you spit in dad's face by bringing him here. it's okay, lily. i'll go. i don't care whether you stay or not. no, well, i do. and he is staying. because you may not want to hear this, but your father accepted him a long time ago. you know what? you want to take his place, bobby? why don't you go right ahead? maybe one day, you'll even walk in on her with another guy and you'll know exactly what my father felt. the only difference will be at least then, i won't be asked to keep the goddamn secret. so, what's good here? actually, everything's good here. you eat here a lot? of course i do. this. this feels strange, doesn't it? yeah, a little bit. so. where do we start? i guess we start with me telling you that i'm ready to forgive you. why now? someone very special to me convinced me that i needed to. whoever it is, i'm glad she did. that's good. i want you to know that i forgive you, too. forgive me for what? for the last time i saw you. and for you being gone all those years. i had my reasons to be gone. yes. you did when you were younger. but you're not a child anymore, and you haven't been for a long time. i can't believe you. you're turning this around on me? i'm not turning it around, harvey. you have no idea what it's like to have a child who acts like you don't even exist. and you don't know what it's like to have a mother who asks you to lie to his own father for her. harvey, i never should have done that. and i have been trying to tell you i am sorry about it for years. but until yesterday, you made it clear to me that you had no interest in whether i lived or died. because i didn't. well, can't you understand how that could devastate a person? i can understand how this was just a mistake. because you are the same selfish, self centered, disloyal woman you always were. and you are the same self absorbed, childish man you always were. well, whose fault is that? oh, there you go. leave. that's what you do best. what did you just say to me? i said take a look in the mirror, harvey. because i may have neglected my family in the past, but you've been doing it for as long as i can remember. so, what am i supposed to tell the kids in the morning? you tell them i've got business back in new york. you want me to lie for you. god damn it, marcus, she had the nerve to say that i owed her an apology. if that's her, you tell her i've got nothing more to say. you know what, harvey? you can tell her yourself. because i'm done being in the middle of you two. bobby. where is he? hey, now's not the time to. why, you son of a bitch. you think you can just walk into our lives, and. and rip open old wounds? your lives? you better get the hell out of my face before i do something that you'll regret. you already did something i regret by talking to your mother the way you did. that woman gave up the right to be called my mother when she got together with you behind my father's back. well, maybe you don't consider her to be your mother. but she's my wife. and if anyone else spoke to her the way you did, they'd be on the floor right now. you want to take a swing at me? harvey. harvey. no, no, no. let him get it out of his system. because i know i want to get it out of mine. i didn't come here to fight, harvey. i came here to tell you i've never seen your mother more excited than when she was heading out to have dinner with you. she was finally gonna get to reconnect with her son. and then you pulled the rug out from underneath her. you took that excitement away. so, when you leave this time, just stay gone. because the truth is, this family works better without you. rachel, i need you to help me with something and i need it quickly. what is it? teddy doyle needs to access the proceeds from the sale of his company that were put in trust to avoid taxes, and he needs to do it without triggering those taxes. louis, are you kidding? this isn't dubai. he's not gonna be able to do that. i know that. but i need him to be able to, anyway. give me the file. i'll figure something out. thanks. i'm proud of you, louis. for what? teddy doyle is harvey's client. and i heard about your thing. so, this must mean that you forgave him. i did. bring that to me as soon as you have something. hey, mike, i've got a question about the haberman case. he lost his job. they're taking his car. i'm trying. you need a reaffirmation agreement. can i help you in a minute? yeah. great. hey, everyone, can you listen up for a sec? marissa. this won't take long. when nathan introduced me, he told you that i used to work at pearson specter litt. what he didn't tell you is why i don't work there anymore. and the reason isn't that i couldn't hack it as a corporate lawyer. it's because i wasn't a lawyer at all. here. read that. that is my story. that's what i did. every word of these articles is true. i never should have been at pearson specter. but not being a lawyer isn't the only reason i didn't belong there. you see, the whole reason that i wanted to be a lawyer in the first place was so that i could help the kind of people that come into this clinic every single day. now, i thought you all knew this, but it's clear to me now that you don't. now, nathan wanted to protect me. but. i'd rather have you respect me. if any of you have any questions at all, please come talk to me about it. but if not, let's get back to work. mike. you didn't have to do that. yeah, i did. hey. you're still here. my flight isn't for another two hours. i wasn't gonna let that asshole drive me away. listen, harvey, about what bobby said last night? you don't need to make excuses for him, marcus. oh, i'm not making excuses. i am telling you he had every right to say what he said to you. i don't believe this. you're on his side now? the only side i'm on is my family's. the family that you've never been a part of. marcus, come on. do you know what it's like to tell a year old why grandma and uncle harvey can't be in the same room together? because that's the position you put me in. year after year. there's a whole life going on here that you're not even a part of. you think i don't know what i've missed? i'm not just talking about birthdays, harvey. i got sick again, a couple of years ago. what? why didn't you tell me? why would i? so that we could have this at the same time? marcus. no, listen to me. you know who helped out when katie was taking me to chemo? mom made dinner every night. bobby took my kids to school every day. which means, while they might be monsters to you. to my kids, they're grandma and grandpa. and you might not have liked that shit coming from bobby, but it's the truth, harvey. whether you want to hear it or not. do you have a minute? of course. i'm sorry that i misjudged you. it's okay. like i said, we're on the same team. we are. and i also should not have promised sofia that we would win. but i told you that i wouldn't stop looking for a way to keep her in her home, and i think i found one. marissa, it doesn't matter what kind of legal basis you've got. if she can't pay her rent in the meantime, then. that's what i'm talking about. troy v. suffolk. as long we can prove that she tried to tell the landlord about the heat. yeah, but we can't prove it. she doesn't have it in writing. we can if we use the phone records. phone records aren't proof of a complaint. no, but the only people who call their landlord three times a week for two months are people who have a problem that needs fixing. then we enter the motel receipts and the receipts for the space heaters as substitution for rent paid. and not only can he not evict her, she doesn't have to pay back rent. we just need to convince the court to accept these phone records. the problem is, we can't convince the court of anything. i'm not a lawyer yet. and i was hoping you could do it, but then. it's okay. i've got just the person. harvey. can i come in? depends on why you're here. i'm here to apologize for the way i acted last night. is this 'cause bobby came to see you? no. it's because marcus got sick and you took care of him and he couldn't even tell me that. harvey. i'm so angry. i don't wanna be angry anymore, but i don't know how to stop. then let me say how sorry i am for all the pain that i have caused you. you don't need to tell me how sorry you are. yes, i do. harvey, we both may have played a part in the last years. but i was an adult and i put you in that position. and not a day goes by that i don't understand why you hate me. i was your mother. i was supposed to protect you, not scar you. harvey. i am so sorry. i don't hate you, morn. i hate what you did, and i probably always will. but i don't hate you. i'll take that. what is it? it's nothing. it's. it's just i had your painting on my wall for the longest time. and i just realized. how much i missed it. i love you, harvey. i love you, too, morn. your honor, my client is a single mother with two small children. and my dog is a labrador retriever. but the only thing that's relevant here is that his client hasn't paid her rent in three months. and the reason she hasn't paid it is because she's had no heat and a broken window all winter, despite repeated requests for repairs. there is absolutely no documentation of any such requests. that's not true. my client called her landlord times over the course of two months, as you can see from her phone records. that's not proof of anything. it's proof your client spoke to mine for an average of two minutes per call, and it wasn't to talk about the weather. your honor, mr. grady gave me a copy of this nonsense minutes ago and he specifically agreed it wasn't relevant. that. that is a lie. really? because i have a phone record of a two minute call that i made to you minutes ago. you may have called me, but we didn't talk about that. that's right. just because i called you doesn't mean i can prove what we talked about. your honor, she called times. yeah, probably to say why her rent was late, because she never paid it. but we won't know that because we don't have it in writing, which is what the court requires. your honor, i need. i'd like to request time to confer with my supervisor. his supervisor? he's a lawyer. you have to help him. i can't. i just need a minute to. to gather my thoughts. what is this, pre school circle time? your honor, the woman didn't pay her rent. the deadline is now. we are requesting permission to evict if we don't have a check by a.m. tomorrow. your honor, please. she's gonna lose her home. time's up, counselor. permission granted. harvey, what are you doing here? when did you get back? ten minutes ago. how did it go? it went well. i'm glad. as a matter of fact, i need your help with something. anything. but there's something you have to do first. mr. ross. ms. price, i wanted to talk to you. do you have a minute? not really. they're coming tomorrow. i've been packing and. they're not coming. , ? should be enough to cover your rent for the last three months. i don't understand. the clinic has a fund to help with this kind of thing. and we do it all the time. but. this is from you. it's just quicker to do it from my account. red tape and all that. i don't know what to say. say you'll take that to your landlord first thing in the morning. and if they do anything but give you a written receipt, you call me right away. i will. thank you. you're back. i am. and i heard you took care of my client. thanks, louis. you're welcome. but we're partners, and they're all our clients. they are. louis, i didn't mean it when i said you weren't ready to be managing partner. yes, you did. maybe i did. but the truth is, i'm not ready either. what do you say we both act as interim managing partners? i'd be honored. it seems to me the first order of business is what are we gonna do about the name of the firm? i don't know about you, but. i think we should keep it exactly the same. me, too. i mean, you never know when she's gonna want to come back, right? no, louis, you never know. what are you two still doing here? we've still got hours. we're not going to stop trying to keep sofia in her apartment. good for you. but you don't have to do it tonight. turns out she got a little grace period. how did she get that? it's amazing what you can do when you care about your clients. then i guess first thing tomorrow, we should plan our next move. i guess we should. . . . .subtitles by. . . 