 what are you talking about? we had him for conspiracy to commit murder. and the police let the tape of that bastard admitting that he did it out of the chain of custody for minutes. you had an alibi witness and your public defender let her get away? that's what i've been saying. i didn't have an alibi witness. i had a no show who vanished into thin air. well, you could have at least asked for a postponement to have time to find her. and i would have, except for one thing. when i pressed her as to what the two of them were doing at the time of those murders, she admitted they were both on meth. mike gallo's filing came back and it needs to be filed by his attorney of record. you want me to represent that animal? kind of funny, isn't it? you fighting to get me out when you fought so hard to put me away. makes me sick to my stomach. but you're going to give me something in return. not only are you going to keep your hands off mike, you're going to be his personal protector in here. you kept my wife out of prison. as far as i'm concerned, that makes us square. donna harvey and mike did it, which means mike's coming home. oh, my god. joshua called, he's coming to town tomorrow. are you going to break up with him? i don't know. i really appreciate you doing this. i mean, if you weren't with me, i can't imagine how i'd handle whether or not tara is breaking up with joshua. joshua. what is he, lord of the kingdom of dicken stein, reigning over his subjects from high atop douche mountain? anyway, thanks for being here. aside from tara, you're the most important woman in my entire life. oh, my god, louis. mudding is amazing. i actually just fell asleep for the last half hour. god damn it, donna. i didn't bring you here so you could fall asleep while i'm pouring my heart out. you're the most selfish woman i ever met. i thought you just told me i was the most important non tara woman in your life. wait a second. i thought you just fell asleep. and for the last seconds, have you been mad at me or upset about joshua? holy shit, you're a genius. which is why when we get back to the office, you are reconciling everyone's billings for the last six weeks. oh, donna, that is the worst form of torture i can go through. no, louis. the worst form of torture is what you'll do if you don't have something to occupy your mind. oh, my god, you're right. i don't care what the cost or that i'm entirely naked underneath this mud. i'm getting us another hour. louis, you are not moving another centimeter until renaldo comes back in here and puts that privacy curtain back up. well, look who's here. i'm not supposed to get out until this afternoon, but leave it to you to. mike, sit down. okay. what's going on? cahill called, said there was a problem with your release. it's not a big deal, but it's just going to take a little longer. how much longer? a few days. harvey, i informed on someone. if word gets out about that. you think i don't know that? but he pulled your deal then reinstated it. it's going to take a little time. well, what the hell am i supposed to do in the meantime? sit tight and keep your wits about you. you made it this long. you can make it a few more days. does rachel know about this? look, she didn't know it was going to take this long in the first place and i didn't see the need to tell her now. do me a favor and let's keep it that way. rachel, good morning. i was looking for you before. i wanted to say congratulations on getting mike out. i appreciate that. but we have some other good news. we may be on our way to getting leonard bailey out, too. did you figure out a way to reopen the trial? i did. rachel, this is good in theory. but there's no precedent. yes, there is. turner v. the state of michigan. how the hell did you find that? it turns out being a paralegal for so long was a blessing in disguise. because nobody is better at research than me. great. write up a declaration and get it to me as soon as you're done. and i'll get this thing rolling. jessica, i thought i'd be the one to do it. rachel, you're not a lawyer yet. i don't need to be. she's his public defender. she'll do this for us. listen to me. sometimes things don't go exactly as planned. and nobody is better at research than you, but nobody is better at dropping the hammer than me. listen to me. i'm going to ask you a question and i need to know the truth. did you know about this cahill shit? what cahill shit? apparently, sutter wasn't enough for that asshole, because he's been seizing our assets left and right. did you really think they were going to let her keep direct proceeds from insider trading? i'm not talking about direct proceeds. i'm talking about everything we have. what? yeah, including money she earned before she ever got wrapped up in that bullshit. they can't do that. yeah, well, they're doing it. and i don't care whether you do something about it from in here or when you get out there, but you're the one who convinced us to take this deal, mike. so, you better damn well be the one to stop it. see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody want to know how it feel everybody want to see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie i don't mind me and missy is so early busy, busy making money all right! all step back i'm 'bout to dance the greenback boogie . . . .subtitles by. . . . p krishna teja p hey, counselor. you didn't forget about me, did you? your hearing's tomorrow at . i sent you the paperwork. right under the wire. cutting it close, huh? i said i'd get it done and it's done, gallo. now i'm leaving. so soon? i thought you might want to meet and chat strategy. my strategy is for you to get your parole tomorrow and then, burn your existence from my brain. i don't think i like the way you just spoke to your own client, harvey. you better come through. i'll come through, gallo, but you better remember your part of the deal. what, protecting mike? what does mike need protecting for if i'm cool with him? save your bullshit. i know you know mike was informing. yeah, i also know william sutter's going away. which means mike's getting out. well, he's not out yet. so, while you're both still in there, you don't take your eyes off him. i'm nothing if not a man of my word. oh, and, harvey, i. i don't want to stand in front of the parole board wearing this. so bring me something nice to wear. i was a slim when i came in. now i'm more like a reg. i'll leave it up to you. you're the dandy. sean this is sean cahill. well, sean, this is mike ross. what can i do for you, mike? you can tell me why the hell you're going after jill miller's assets. i'm sorry, i wasn't aware you were her accountant. well, if you don't back off, i'm about to become her goddamn lawyer. excuse me? that wasn't part of her deal. no, it wasn't. but i'm not going to let her keep her money she made committing a crime. you're not just taking money she made from a crime. you're taking the salary she made from working at that company for years. listen. that woman got out of going to prison. but every time they took a position, they sold the other side to people who lost everything. and i'll be damned if i let her live high on the hog while working people's lives were ruined. sean. look, i know about your mother and spain. but jill miller didn't take her money. i don't care. i have the power to do this and this conversation is over. jessica pearson. my secretary should have told you i'm not taking new clients. i take it you know why i'm here. i tried to be polite when your prot g e accused me of not doing my job with leonard bailey. but i'm not going to be told by someone who harbored a fraud what a bad lawyer i am. i don't think you're a bad lawyer, georgina. i think you're a good lawyer that made a mistake. and i'm here to give you a chance to fix it. and how is that? leonard bailey's alibi witness is dead. that doesn't mean her testimony is. you want me to testify to what she told me? that would be hearsay. it would be if she were alive. but now that she's dead. she's an unavailable declarant. like i said, you are a good lawyer. and i'm not pretending i let a solid witness disappear when that girl was a junkie and her story was inconsistent at best. and it still should have been presented to a jury, which is what we're trying to fix. the only thing you're trying to fix is your reputation. and you're not doing it by smearing mine. georgina, a man's life is on the line. and i did my best to defend it, but i have no obligation to do it again. that's where you're wrong. my prot g e took the liberty of drawing up a sworn affidavit which states maria gomez told you leonard bailey couldn't have murdered that couple because he was with her at the time. now, you can either sign it, or you can lie under oath that this isn't true. and believe you me, you do not want to be on that stand lying to a jury and have to face me. donna, cancel all my meetings tomorrow and notify the parole board that gallo's ready. harvey. i don't want to hear it. listen to me. i was there with you when you put him away. and i wouldn't be able to live with myself if i didn't remind you what you said about him at the time. i don't need reminding. you said he was a sociopath who took pleasure from hurting people. donna, i don't have a choice. that was before you knew that mike was getting out. if you just string him along for a couple more hours, then you. mike's not getting out today. what? cahill called me. the deal's going to take a few more days to go through. and if gallo even thinks that i'm stringing him along, mike may never get out of there at all. i'll clear your schedule. hey. i need to talk to you. before you do, i just want to say i didn't mean to put it all on you earlier. no, that doesn't matter now. listen, you said that when you got arrested, you turned down a deal to turn on sutter. i need to know exactly what they said. i don't understand what that has to do with jill. it doesn't. it has to do with the fact that i'm trying to get you out of here. what? look, i might not be able to do anything about the money. but maybe what i can do is make it so that you can be with your family. no. what do you mean, no? no. they're already going after our money. i don't want to do anything that's going to mess with jill's deal. listen to me. that deal is as solid as a rock. i wrote it myself. they can't take it away from her any more than they can take my deal away from me. but you need to tell me exactly what cahill said to you when he told you to turn on sutter. nothing. he never said anything to me. what are you talking about? i'm telling you i've never spoken to sean cahill in my life. all right, i'm here. but i gave you seven days to find that witness and then you went behind my back. so, you better have a good reason why you're in here asking to reopen this case. we do, your honor. we found leonard bailey's alibi. what they found is nothing but hearsay. what is he talking about? he's talking about the fact that our eyewitness died three years ago and mr. bailey's original attorney is going to testify on her behalf under the turner v. michigan exception to the hearsay rule. that exception involved a written statement. it is a written statement and we have it right here. that is not a written statement. that is a bullshit affidavit she cobbled together this morning. what did you just accuse her of? i'm sorry, your honor. but i find it decidedly convenient that they don't have the witness statement written down on a notebook or a scrap of paper from the same decade that it happened. well, we happen to find it decidedly inconvenient. and georgina casey didn't write it down at the time because she didn't do an adequate job representing her client. are you now saying that this case needs to be reopened based on leonard bailey having inadequate representation? because that is a serious allegation to make about a fellow attorney. that wasn't our plan. but if that's what it takes to give this man a chance to prove his innocence, then it sure as hell is our plan now. this is ridiculous. judge evans it may sound ridiculous, but if they were able to get a successful attorney to admit to a huge blunder, then i'm ruling that this case should be reopened after all. cameron, what are you doing here? you know what i'm doing here. are you out of your goddamn mind representing frank gallo? you don't understand. i understand plenty. no, listen to me. no, you listen to me. that guy was a murdering piece of shit who should have been put away for life. and now, you're trying to get him out? he's in there with mike ross. i don't care. yeah, well, i do. because like you just said, he is a murdering piece of shit. but what you don't know is i made a deal with him and i'm not going to break it. then i will. it's not up to you. well, it will be when i play this for the parole board. what is that? it's the tape we have of him admitting that he murdered that man that you shit the bed with, and got excluded from evidence. i didn't shit the bed with anything and you know it. you try to bring that bullshit to his hearing, i'll march you out of there before you get to hit play. because it wasn't admissible in court and it's not admissible there. you tell yourself whatever you want. but i'm going to do whatever i need to do to keep that bastard behind bars. can i talk to you a second? of course. you were right. the whole time i was working, i didn't worry about what tara was doing with him. which meant the first time in my life i finished the billables in record time. and now you're afraid to go home. i can't help wondering what's happening. louis, have you ever heard of a jack story? no. yeah, well, it's time you did. a man gets a flat tire on a country road. he sees a house in the distance. he walks up to the house, and along the way, he starts thinking, what if they don't have a jack? what if they have a jack but they want to charge me for it? and if they do, how much would they charge? ? ? a thousand? that's bullshit. exactly. so, by the time the man gets to the house, rings the bell and they answer the door, he tells them, you know what? keep your goddamn jack. it's brilliant. so, you get my point. no. louis, you have no idea what's going on in tara's mind. so, the best thing you can do is trust her. because if you don't, i am telling you, you're going to do something that you'll regret for the rest of your life. all right, donna. i'll wait for tara to call. okay. can i help you? help me what, rat? what did you just say? i said you ratted on your own roommate. word's spreading. and there's going to come a time when you need my protection and i won't be there. gallo hey. what's going on here? nothing. it's not nothing. you were threatening him. you ever do it again without my say so, you'll regret the day you met me. sorry, frank. don't worry about it, kid. i got your back. no, you don't. everyone knows guards are the last one to find out anything. so, if word were spreading, i wouldn't be finding out about it from him. he just did that because you told him to because you want to remind me of what's going to happen if harvey lets you down. well, then, i guess you got the message loud and clear. good luck to me on my hearing tomorrow. did you do what i asked you to do? i did. you better. because if you don't sound like a human being, you're going to be in here for another two years. gallo what the hell is cameron dennis doing here? you let me worry about him. mr. specter, please proceed. ladies and gentlemen of the board, mr. gallo has served years as an exemplary inmate. we ask that you release him so he can continue to live his life outside these walls. but before you decide on that, we think it's best if you hear from him in his own words. you son of a bitch. what the hell is this? it's an action on behalf of my client, kevin miller. you abused your power when you went after him last year. i didn't abuse shit. i beg to differ. because not only does kevin live in new jersey, but his accident was there, too. which means you were outside of your jurisdiction. you better rescind this suit, because if they come after me. they're not going to come after you, sean, because i haven't filed it yet. and i'm not going to as long as you agree to get kevin out. are you crazy? i'm not going to do that. why not? because i'm not going to get held hostage by the likes of you. i guess what i'm trying to say is i'm not denying the person i was or the things i did. because i did those things. if i could go back and change what i did, i would. but i can't. what i can do is swear to you that i will never go back to being that person again. you crossed the line when you took jill's money. no, mike, i didn't. but i'm about to cross it now. you want to see abuse of power? your deal is gone. if there are no other statements. as a matter of fact, i would like to say a few words. and you are? cameron dennis. i was the district attorney at the time of mr. gallo's trial. mr. chairman, mr. dennis is about to play a tape from the original trial. it wasn't admissible then and it's not admissible now. no, harvey. i'm going to read the transcript of your own words from mr. gallo's sentencing hearing. frank gallo is the scum of the earth. he's a sociopath who has no remorse for the things he's done and he is an animal who deserves to be locked up for the rest of his miserable life. i gave you immunity for crimes you committed before you got caught. but your plea agreement says you'll never practice law again without a license. you've been practicing law in here, which means that's a crime that happened after you got caught. bullshit. kevin and jill both know that i'm not a lawyer. you know that and i know that. but if you fight it, i will argue it in court for the next two years. and if you don't drop this thing, you'll be lucky if they let you out a day before you were supposed to get out anyway. mr. chairman, i'm telling you, frank gallo has changed. and i'm telling the board he hasn't changed, he's just trying to blackmail you. that's a lie. then take the stand and swear it's not true. that's enough. mr. specter, this is a parole hearing, not a court of law. but if there's any truth to what he's saying, we need to know. it's not true. unfortunately, this body doesn't have the authority to swear you in. but i'm going to make sure that we will tomorrow. i'd like you to think long and hard about what you're going to say then, because you'll be saying it under oath. mike, i need to tell you what just happened. i need to tell you what happened first. abuse of power? are you nuts? it's the only play i have. your only play is to walk out of here when your release comes through, not threaten the guy who made that happen. listen to me. cahill is seizing their personal assets. yeah, i don't care if he takes their house apart brick by brick. harvey, kevin wouldn't even be in here in the first place if it weren't for cahill. no, mike. kevin wouldn't be here if he had chosen to roll over on sutter in the first place. and it's a good thing he didn't, because you'd be stuck in here with gallo for the next two years. i don't care about gallo. well, you should, because he's not out yet. and if it's up to cameron dennis, he's not getting out. what? cameron got wind that i'm trying to get gallo parole. and now, i've got to think of something or perjure myself tomorrow, or he's going to end up right back in here. well, that's even more reason why we can't leave kevin behind. if gallo doesn't get out and i do, the first person he's going to go after is kevin. i didn't sign on to get someone killed. no, you signed on to get yourself out. now, if you don't drop this suit, cahill's going to threaten to pull your deal. what? he already did. then why are we still having this conversation? because like i said, this is the only card i have left to play. so, if you want me to drop this, you get cahill to do the right thing and get kevin out. i have to say, for someone who practices corporate law, you know your way around an appeals court. thank you. but you're not here to offer me a job as a prosecutor, you're here to offer leonard bailey a deal. so, let's get to it. let's face it. you may have that affidavit from his original attorney, but you have no dna, no alibi, and i'm guessing not a hell of a lot else. what i have, larry, is a case that will embarrass you personally every day it drags on. because you were the one that tried it in the first place. so, give me a number so i can get on with my day. bailey does more years and we all go home. when you say , you mean nine. and we both know i can get you down to seven. so, let's just say five. but i'll tell you what. you let my client walk right now, and you get your dream. we don't open this case at all. no way. seven years, take it or leave it. offer's good for hours. now, this is unacceptable. well, it's the best you're going to do. no, the best i'm going to do is get my client exonerated from a crime he didn't commit and make you look like a fool. then bring it on. but you're legally obligated to present my offer to your client. and remind him, if he loses again, in days, his life is over. thanks, bill. sean, what's going on with mike's deal? excuse me? why hasn't it come through yet? oh, there must have been a mix up in the paperwork. bullshit. you're holding it up because he's threatening to sue you. oh, you're right. i am. and if he doesn't drop this thing and agree to walk away, i'm going to dump his deal altogether. sean, let his deal go through. once he gets out, he's not going to follow through on this thing. oh, sean, put down your gun. i promise mike will put his down, too. and you can trust both of us because neither of us have ever lied to you before. if you didn't trust us, you never would have come to me in the first place. if i had known this is how it was going to end, i never would have. you son of a bitch. we got you every goddamn thing you wanted. i held up my end of the bargain. not to mention the fact i gave immunity to jill miller when i didn't have to. bullshit you didn't have to. she made your case. and mike risked his life to get her for you. you had no problem asking me to risk everything to get that kid out. and i did it. and now, that ungrateful son of a bitch wants to bite the hand that feeds him? i'm going to take away his dinner and show him who his master is. sean, please. gallo might not get out and mike's going to be stuck in there with him. well, all the more reason he should put down his gun and walk out that door. jessica. come in. i'm sorry to drop by unannounced, but i need to talk to you. no, no. i'm sorry that i had to leave a little bit early. i just wanted to get the place ready for when mike gets home. then i won't take up much of your time. they offered leonard bailey a deal. how long? seven years. but i can probably get them down to five. five more years for a crime he didn't commit doesn't seem really fair. and losing a retrial and dying in prison doesn't seem fair either. but we're not going to lose. that's not true. there's a good chance we will. jessica. rachel. juries are unpredictable. even if they've been told to disregard something, they know he was convicted before. this is a chance at getting his life back. what kind of life are we talking about? he's still going to be seen as a murderer, even by the closest thing he has to a mother. i'm not going to let him die for a crime he didn't commit. i don't want to let him die, either. i want to fight to get him out. and i don't think you've been practicing law long enough to make that call. rachel, this is a win for him. so, get your mind right so that we can walk into that prison on the same page. harvey. unless you're here to tell me you've come to your senses about this animal, this is going to be a short conversation. i came here to show you this. what is this? it's a three year surveillance agreement with the best detective agency in the state. and what makes you think just because you follow him, it's going stop him from committing crimes? cameron, i can't have him in there with mike. well, from what i heard, mike's getting out. it's not that simple. what do you mean it's not that simple? the sec pulled some shady shit with mike's cellmate. the same guy that helped get mike out in the first place. now, mike's been playing chicken with them and if he doesn't drop it, they're not going to let him out. let me get this straight. you want me to perjure myself so you can put this monster on the street because your sidekick wants to fight the man? don't play that shit with me. you've been crossing lines for years and you didn't lose a minute's sleep over it. you're damn right i didn't, because i was doing it to put guys like gallo away. not let them wander around at night hoping some fat guy with a polaroid is going to keep them from murdering somebody else. and what if that person he was going to be murdering was me? because mike is to me what i used to be to you. then convince him to do the right thing like you tried to do once with me. because, harvey, you know what you're doing with gallo is wrong. hey. you're not going to believe this, but i got rachel on the phone for you. what? yeah. she had my number from the other night and she wants to talk to you. thanks. and, mike, if you're staying in here for me, don't do it. hey. god, i can't wait to see you. i can't wait to see you either. are you okay? yeah. i, um. i just wanted to talk to you about my death row client. how can i help? they offered us a deal for him to get out in five years and jessica wants to take it. but i want to fight for him. let me guess, she wants to present a united front. she does. well, i'm not sure how i can help you other than to tell you to follow your gut. you can help me understand what it's like to be in prison. you better be convincing up there. gallo, i'm about to sell my soul to make us even. so, sit down, shut up, and make sure that, after today, i never see your face again. mr. specter, are you ready to be sworn in? ladies and gentlemen of the board, before mr. specter testifies, i'd like to present michael ross as a witness on behalf of the state. mr. chairman, this hearing was called so that i could prove. you'll get your chance, mr. specter. i'd like to hear what the young man has to say. cameron could i have him sworn in? parole board chair that won't be necessary. mr. ross, you are an inmate here at danbury, is that correct? yes. i'm serving a two year sentence for practicing law without a license. and what firm did you work at? i worked for mr. specter. are you aware that mr. specter originally prosecuted frank gallo? yes, i am. and who made you aware of that? frank gallo did. he just mentioned something in passing? no. no, on my first night here, mr. gallo bribed a guard so that he could get into my cell and then he pretended to be my roommate. and after getting me to trust him, he told me that he had been trying to get revenge on harvey specter since the day he'd been put away. and he told me that now, he was going to get revenge on harvey by coming after me. was it clear to you what he meant by coming after you ? he said he would kill me. in fact, he tried to shiv me the second night, but a guard stopped him. just one more question. was mr. specter aware of these threats? of course he was. why else do you think he's been trying to get gallo parole? thank you, mr. ross. mr. specter, are you prepared to refute this testimony under oath? no, your honor. i'm not. then we'll take a five minute recess. you did this. you were in on it with him the whole time. you're right, i did. so, you come after me, not him. i'm coming after both of you. but i'm coming after him sooner. hey. you can't hide from me. oh, i don't need to hide from you. as it turns out i'm getting out today, and there's nothing you can do about it. five years is still a long time. yes, it is. but then, you walk out of here a free man. a free man, but not an innocent one. you're still innocent, leonard. whether the world sees it that way or not. but if the world thinks i'm a convicted murderer, then i might as well die in here. because there's not going to be a life out there for me, anyway. no one said it was going to be easy. but there's no point in dying for a crime you didn't commit. i don't think you understand. i'm not doing this just to stay alive. i'm doing this so one day i can knock on my kids' door and they'll know their father is an innocent man. if i take this deal, that's never going to happen. if you don't take it, it may never happen either. hey, you're pretty quiet. what do you think? i. i think that jessica has a lot more experience than i do. that's not what i asked you. i want to know what you think i should do. leonard, the odds of you getting out. i said i want to know what she thinks. i think you should fight. then that's what i'm going to do. god damn it. i said we needed to be on the same page. he asked me what i thought. i'm not going to lie to him. i never would have thought robert zane's daughter would be so naive. naive? i was actually starting to believe that you cared about this case. but the only thing that you care about is putting it to bed as quickly as possible. how dare you. playing the odds isn't the same as not caring. maybe not. but, jessica, i have watched you my whole career. and this is the first time that you've ever backed away from a fight. that's because you've never seen me fight when someone's life is on the line. you. that's right. i was in a situation like this once before. i did what you want me to do now. we lost. and it ripped me to shreds. so, when i tell you i have a lot more experience than you, believe it. jessica, i'm sorry that you lost a case like this before. but the way to help leonard is not to convince him to take some deal that he can't live with. it is to fight to give him something worth living for. what the hell did you do? i did what i said i'd do. i kept that animal behind bars. i'm talking about mike. you cut a deal with him, didn't you? no, harvey. he cut a deal with me. what are you talking about? after you told him i was involved with this thing, he called me and asked if i could do something about his friend kevin. i said i'd look into it, but he'd have to do something for me. so, you made some bullshit promise with him in exchange for doing that. it wasn't bullshit. i don't work for the sec, harvey. i put away real criminals. and the person who put away kevin miller knows that it's worth it to let a drunk driver out as long as it means keeping a murderer in. and to hell with what happens to mike. hey, he went in there with his eyes wide open. and gallo can't do anything to him anyway, because he's getting out tonight. don't you get it? mike's not going to be safe tonight or any other night, because gallo can get to him whether he's behind bars or not. well, like i said, harvey. he knew what he was getting into when he came to me. hey, where have you been all day? i've been doing what i said i was going to do. i'm getting you out. you're kidding. do i look like i'm kidding? so, take that phone of yours, call jill, and tell her you're coming home. tonight. i don't believe it. you really did that for me? i did. what about you? i'm getting out with you. what? i. i just can't believe i'm going to be tucking my kids into bed tonight. i can't believe i'm going to see rachel. i can't thank you enough, mike. all right, let's go. it's about time. not you, ross. just miller. what? what are you talking about? i'm getting out, too. i'm following orders, and my orders are to bring him out. not you. you did this. i didn't do shit, but i sure as hell am going to take advantage of it. i'm not leaving without mike. yeah, you are. and i don't care if i have to drag your ass out of here myself. you're leaving right now. harvey, good, you're here. what the hell's going on? you said you'd reinstate the deal if mike dropped his suit. and i did. bullshit. you pulled his deal and now he's in there all alone. now if you don't pick up the phone. harvey, i didn't pull anything. what? mike called me and told me to hold off his paperwork until tomorrow morning. why the hell would he do that, sean? because he has a plan and he didn't want you to know. i don't care what his plan is. you do. listen. he doesn't want you to know because he didn't want you to stop it. now that you can't, he's going to need our help to bring it home. thanks, jimbo. why don't you go ahead and give me and mike here a little privacy? what do you want, gallo? that's a stupid question after what you pulled at my parole hearing. you didn't deserve to get out. neither did you. and now, you're not going to. what, you're going to kill me in this cell? there are guards out there. it just doesn't sink in for you, does it? those guards out there work for me. you see, mike, i wasn't going to let what happened last time happen this time. no one's going to come run helping you at the last second because they're all locked up tight in their bunks. and irony of ironies, because of some prisoners' rights lawsuit way back when, there are no cameras in cells. wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. no, the time for waiting is done. no. no, no, no, no, no, no. i meant, don't you want to hear about the camera that's in here? bullshit. smile, you son of a bitch. no! you did not keep yourself in here just to do this. oh, yeah, frank, i did. and now, all those guards that aren't in your pocket? they're watching this right now. and it's feet from that guard station to this cell, so if i calculated correctly, they've got jimbo in cuffs and they're going to be opening that door right now. drop that knife and step back, gallo. you piece of shit! this doesn't change anything. yeah, yeah, yeah. we'll see about that. louis? tara. i've never seen how beautiful it is in here at night. beautiful. i want to tell you what happened. please. the reason joshua came to town is that i told him about you. about us. so, did you break up with him? louis, he asked me to marry him. what did you say? i told him i couldn't marry him while i felt this way about another man. so, where does that leave us? i hope it leaves us where you wanted us to be. it does. it absolutely does. you here to bring me bread and water? if it was up to me, i'd let you starve. let me guess. you're here to tell me how much time they're tacking onto my sentence. well, it doesn't matter how much, because i'm going to get to him. and i'm going to get to you. sorry, frank, but you're not getting anything tacked onto your sentence. your parting gift is going back to the maximum security hellhole you came from. no way. you don't have the power to make that happen. you're right. i don't. but my friend at the sec sure does. why are you so upset, frank? does it have anything to do with the fact that every inmate in there knows that you're an informant and you'd be lucky to make it through your first night? you think i'm afraid? i think you're shitting in your pants right now, which is why i think you'll be interested in what's behind door number two. you stay here at danbury, you do five more years, and if mike so much as gets a pebble in his shoe, you go back to door number one. i'll take that hatred in your face as a yes. because it's the same look you had the last time i put you away. what are you doing here? where's rachel? i'm just here to tell you you're about to get a visitor. you convinced my aunt to come see me? no. i couldn't convince her. but i was able to track down your daughter. what? you heard right. maya's right outside. i'm going to need a moment. of course. i know you only did this so she'll tell me to take the deal, but thank you. leonard. she doesn't even know about the deal. then what did you tell her to get her to come? i told her we found new evidence that her father is an innocent man. and she should hear it from you before we go to court to prove it. so, you do think i'm doing the right thing. honestly, i don't know if you are or you're not. but what i do know is when you care about someone, you have their back either way. you ready? come on. hi, daddy. hey, sweetheart. did it work? it worked. we did it. we did. come on, let's get out of here. oh, one more thing. someone couldn't wait for you to get home. . . . .subtitles by. . . 