 well, i don't give a shit how much they're worth. i'm not representing william sutter. i didn't kill anyone. i've been saying it for years and i can prove it. do you want to take a chance on each other or not? i just got a visit from sean cahill. turns out there's a way he can get you out. what's the catch? he needs you to inform on your cellmate. tell me the truth. he said no. but, sean, i'm telling you he'll come around. do you know how many strings i pulled to put this thing in motion? you're going to get me out of here like you promised. i never promised. six weeks, brother. and if i find out you're screwing me, you better hole up in some dark corner of this prison. how would you feel about renovating my summer house in the hamptons? are you sure? i've never been as sure of anything in my entire life. the whole time, you were always gonna bring him here. because this is the way to get it done. then why didn't you tell me that in the first place? because it would have ended up with you wanting to use rachel. it ended there, anyway. now, get the hell out of my way. mike harvey! i told rachel everything. i'm taking the deal. harvey all right. let's talk specifically about what you need. what i need is a conviction. obviously. but what exactly does that look like from my side? it looks like a smoking gun, because i've been after sutter for three years now, and this guy is one slippery son of a bitch. wait a second. william sutter? are you kidding me? harvey, what's going on? he came to me a week ago to take him on and i said no. well, it's a good thing you did. no, it isn't. what are you talking about? when kevin finds out i told his father in law to drop dead, he's never going to trust mike. if you're saying what i think you're saying, you're not taking this man as your client. yes, i am, because if i don't, we might as well not even be doing this. then let's not do it. look where we are, sean. we're in a car sneaking mike into prison. you pulled every string you have to make this happen. you gonna pull out now? i am. because i'm not going to put myself in a position to collude with you. i won't put you in that position. i'm in that position right now! no, you're not. he isn't even representing anybody yet. this conversation is completely hypothetical. i don't need legal advice from the convict. and i don't need to lose my career because you tanked this guy's defense. i'm not tanking anything. i'm going to kick ass for him up and down the block. and there's no law against me rooting for mike while i'm doing that. okay. but you cross one line that puts me in jeopardy, i'm going to pull the plug on this whole thing. well, mike better get us what we need before i have to do that. hello? professor dunbar rachel. professor dunbar. what is it? i know how passionate you were about leonard bailey, but i just heard back from the innocence project and i'm afraid his case doesn't qualify. what do you mean it doesn't qualify? we have three different grounds for an appeal. and unfortunately none of them revolve around the existence of previously undiscovered dna. what does that have to do with it? the man was railroaded. he deserves to have his case retried. it has everything to do with it. because in a case like this, that's the primary determinant for whether it qualifies or not. i don't care whether it qualifies or not. i promised leonard bailey that i'd fight for him. well, you shouldn't have done that. professor, i know that we're not supposed to become emotionally invested in our clients, but if we don't have any passion, then what's the point of trying to help them in the first place? rachel, i understand this is a difficult thing to hear, but there's nothing i can do. look, i give you my word. we'll find you a new case. mike? is that you? yeah. go back to sleep. i'll talk to you in the morning. how are you? you all right? yeah, i'm fine. what was it? whatever it was, they can't find a trace of it. officially, it's food poisoning. well, i finally got the chance to meet your buddy harvey. harvey was here? mmm hmm. in this very cell. you're kidding me. i shit you not. you should have seen him. thought he was gonna attack gallo right then and there. what stopped him? guards. you sure you're okay? yeah. i just need to get some sleep. well, it's good to have you back, buddy. once you get used to having someone around you can trust, it's hard to go back. see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody wanna know how it feel everybody wanna see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie i don't mind me and missy is so early busy, busy making money all right! all step back i'm 'bout to dance the greenback boogie . . . .subtitles by. . . . p krishna teja p whatever it is you're doing, i want you to drop it and help me buy a house in the hamptons. excuse me? i said i need a large, expensive home in the hamptons, preferably on the water. louis, i don't mean to be your business manager but why are you buying a vacation home when the firm's just getting back on its feet? because i told tara messer that i have a property out there and i hired her to remodel it for me. okay, let me get this straight. you want to spend a fortune buying a home, so that you can spend another fortune remodeling it? it's the only logical way that i can spend time with her. is it? yes. what other way could there possibly be? you could just ask her out. well, i'm not gonna do that. why not? because i'm not. louis. jesus christ, why are you trying to sabotage my relationship? you have no relationship. that's what i'm trying to tell you. i have no relationship. i'm all alone. ever since sheila rejected me, i never thought i would find love again. but there is something. i don't know. there's just something about this woman. i feel like this may be my last shot. i get that, louis. and if you ask her out, she is going to see a kind, intelligent man that any woman would be lucky to be in a relationship with. but if you do it this way and she finds out, then you'll lose that shot because she's never going to trust you again. look at me, donna. a woman like that. please. i need her to get to know me first. all right, louis. i'll help you find a house. you looking at my pictures again? sorry. what's going on? nothing, i was just. i was just thinking about when i asked you what you were in for, we got interrupted. you never told me. well, it's just as well, because i don't want to talk about it. okay. why not? why not? because if i wanted to talk about it, i'd be talking about it. look, i understand that we're not supposed to talk about that stuff, but when you think you might have been poisoned by somebody, it makes you want to know something about the guy you're sharing a cell with. you saying you don't trust me, mike? kevin, i'm serious. i've told you pretty much everything about me. and besides the fact that you don't want your kids to visit, i don't know anything about you. look, mike, there's a lot of things that i'm ready to tell you. i'm just not ready to tell you that. okay? mr. specter. you don't have an appointment. it's okay, julie. someone calls me a piece of shit to my face, i want to know what the encore is. you here to piss on my floor? i'm here to tell you that i'm taking your case after all. who says i didn't hire someone else the second you turned me down? i do, because you didn't pick my name out of a phone book. you came to me because you found out that your guy is in prison with my guy. so? what if i did? cut the shit, william. your son in law saved mike from a guy i put behind bars. that means i owe you. and you didn't tell me about it because you knew i'd find out and come crawling back on my own. you're hardly crawling. i didn't as a baby and i'm not going to start now. this is the best you're going to get. so, are we doing this thing together or not? okay. you got me, harvey. now what? now, i go see your son in law. why the hell would you want to do that? because he's in prison and you're facing an indictment, which makes him the biggest vulnerability you have. automated voice you have a call from danbury federal prison. do you accept the charges? yes. mike harvey, we have a problem. what is it? i tried to talk to kevin. i got nothing. well, what do you want me to do about it? i don't know, it would help if i had something to talk about other than, hey, what exactly are you in here for? okay, mike, you want something to talk about? i'll get you something to talk about. well, if it isn't my knight in beautiful armor. how are you, mr. bailey? please, call me leonard. i'm afraid i have some bad news, leonard. the innocence project looked over the new evidence. they decided not to take your case. what does that mean? it means there's nothing else i can do. i knew you couldn't do shit for me. no, no, no. you don't understand. they almost never take cases without new dna evidence and yours had none. i don't care about that. you asked me to take a chance on you. and now you march in here and tell me you're giving up? no, no, mr. bailey. you said you would fight for me! i did fight for you. well, then, fight goddamn harder! i'm sorry. and i understand how you feel, but there's just nothing more that i can do. how do you know what i feel? you don't know what it's like to be kept away from your loved ones. actually, i do. how is that? my fianc is in prison. how long? two years. two years is nothing. it doesn't feel like nothing to me. what if it was forever, rachel? would you give up on him like you did me? i didn't give up on you. you said you found compelling evidence. i also said that it wasn't enough. that sounds like giving up to me. harvey, what are you doing here? i'm here to give you official notice i'm now william sutter's attorney. congratulations. i hope you know what you're doing. i do, because i'm also here to notify you that unless you bring an indictment in the next hours, i'm going to sue you and the sec for harassing my client. what the hell are you talking about? you heard me. you've been digging into his accounts, hounding his employees, and questioning his investors. he's under investigation for insider trading. that's how it works. well, if that's how it works, then bring on an indictment. ah, i see what you're doing. mike can't get kevin to talk without me bringing an action. i have no idea what you're talking about. well, it doesn't matter, because i'm not bringing an indictment without knowing i can win at trial. and you're never going to win at trial if you don't shake the trees and see what falls. damn it, harvey! i am not colluding on this and you're in here trying to get me to bring an indictment against your own client. because when you bring that indictment, i'm gonna beat it and if you don't bring it and continue investigating my client, i'm going to sue you. which is exactly what i'd be doing no matter who he was. know what, harvey? you want me to bring an action, you got one. jesus christ, there you are. what's going on with the house hunt? i'm on top of it, louis. it doesn't look like you're on top of it. it looks like you're drinking a goddamn cup of coffee. maybe that's because i was on the internet all night trying to find houses for you because i knew that nothing would ever meet your insane specifications. is that true? not one word. god damn it, donna. this is important. right now, there are hundreds of men out there with beach houses and tara could be meeting any one of them. right now, i wish i was meeting any one of them. donna, i thought you understood this isn't a joke. i know it isn't, louis. and that's why i haven't sent you anything i've seen so far, because i haven't found the right thing yet. and what if i said i lost confidence in your ability to know what i'm looking for in any given situation? then i would say that that is exactly why i've been avoiding you. and if you had any self awareness at all, you would stop bothering me and instead trust me for once. well, we both know that's never gonna happen. well, then, why don't you go find your own house, louis? gin. again? how many times do i have to tell you? don't play cards with a guy with a photographic memory. how many times do i have to tell you? i'm still going to beat you. deal. sorry to interrupt your go fish, but there's a harvey specter here to see you. saved by the bell. not you, ross. miller. you mind if i ask why you're here to see me instead of mike? because i heard he's okay. and i'm not just mike's attorney anymore. i'm yours. uh, i don't need your help with gallo. i'm not talking about gallo. william sutter came to me to represent him. i turned him down until i found out that his son in law is the one who's been watching mike's back. well, i appreciate that. but what does that have to do with me? i don't make it a habit of representing people i can't trust. you saying you can't trust me? i'm saying the sec thinks william's firm, the one that you worked for, is breaking the law. so, i need to know right now. when they come at you, what are you going to say? i'm going to say the same thing i did when they came at me the last time. my father in law's innocent. is that it, or can i go? one more thing, kevin. an indictment's coming down any second. and once it does, that makes you every single inmate's ticket out of here. so, if you ever have a doubt about william's innocence, keep it to your goddamn self. kevin, can i talk to you for a second? yeah, sure. what's going on, george? it's about your roommate. what about him? you got some nerve playing cards here while my life is wasting away. what are you talking about? i'm talking about that motion you were supposed to file for me. then you better get your facts straight, because i did file it. yeah, and it got bounced right back. what? no, that's not possible. it is possible. while you were taking your little siesta in the infirmary, i got an email that said the damn thing wasn't even filed right. oh, god damn it. looks like you can't keep your promises. no, i can keep it. this is just some procedural mix up. all right? but. i'm going to need to use your phone. are you kidding me? i'm telling you that i can have this thing taken care of. i just need to make a phone call. what's wrong with the goddamn phones in here? nothing, but i already used it today, which means i can't use it for another two days. so, unless you want to waste that time playing cards with me, which i guarantee you'll lose, you give me your phone right now. i like you. you got balls. you know what? so do i. which is why i can take this out in front of any guard here and know i'm not getting in any trouble. don't forget that. and get that shit handled. harvey, i have something for you. what is it? it's from sean cahill and i need you to take a look at it right away. why? i know what an indictment looks like. it's not an indictment, harvey. he's suspending william sutter's trading license. get cahill on the phone. julie sir, i have harvey specter on the line. oh, you've got to be shitting me. harvey, what can i do for you? harvey you can explain to me what the hell you're up to suspending my client's trading license. you wanted to get the ball rolling. this gets the ball rolling. this isn't what i wanted. and i don't take orders from you. and i'm not going to be able to stop this in court. which means sutter's going to fire me. then maybe you didn't understand my initial position. i don't give a shit if you get fired or not. you thought that you needed to represent sutter, so you went ahead and did what you needed to do. i thought i didn't want to bring an indictment before i had enough to win, so i did what i needed to do. but what i need to do right now is finish this delicious ham sandwich, which means the next time that i talk to you, i expect it to be in court. hey. what's going on? what do you mean what's going on? i mean, we're playing cards, then harvey's here to see you, then next thing i know, you're giving me some death stare, and you come out here. nothing's going on. then what did harvey want? he's representing my father in law, which means now, he's also representing me. that good enough for you? all right, kevin, what's with the attitude? i'm on your side. are you? because harvey said i shouldn't trust anyone in here, and as far as i'm concerned, that includes you. what? hey, that doesn't make any sense. you know what doesn't make any sense? one minute, gallo is your enemy and the next minute, he's handing you his cell phone like he's your best friend. i'm trying to help him get out of here, which is good for both of us. is that what you were doing last night outside of prison? you were helping him get out? is that what was going on? kevin, come on. i was worried about you, cellmate. i thought you were in real trouble. but they wouldn't let me see you, so i asked a friend of mine who works in the infirmary to check on you. and minutes ago, he told me that he's pretty damn sure you were gone for at least three hours. well, what do you have to say about that? i was gone because i was in the hospital. that's the first i'm hearing about it. and why would i tell you that? why wouldn't you? something's going on here, i can tell. all right, kevin, you want to know what happened? i went to the hospital because harvey paid the doctor because he didn't trust i would make it through the night here. and i didn't tell you because i didn't want to put you in a position where you'd have to lie for me. that sounds like a whole lot of bullshit to me. well, you know what, kevin? i think it's pretty goddamn funny that you don't trust me, when you're the one that won't even tell me what you're in here for. louis no. no. no. shit, no. no. no. no. not now, harvey. i'm in the middle of something important. whatever it is, it's not as important as this. what is this? it's notice to suspend william sutter's trading license. the question is, what can be done about it? nothing can be done about it. what do you mean, nothing can be done about it ? you're supposed to be the financial wizard. i am. and i'm telling you that this kind of thing's up to the sec's discretion. they have unlimited power to suspend trading licenses up to days. god damn it. it's only days. ninety days gets me fired. well, it's gonna be okay, harvey. i know things have been rough around here, but business is. this isn't about business, louis. it's about mike. what are you not telling me, harvey? i'm not going to tell you the details, because i'm not going to put you at risk. but i have a chance to get mike out early and if i lose this motion, it's over. well, then, i'll figure out a way to get it done. thank you, louis. this is harvey specter. harvey, it's me. mike. what the hell are you doing with a private phone? what the hell are you doing representing kevin? you were the one having trouble getting him to open up. and you thought telling him not to trust anyone in here was the answer to that? look, i did that to get him to trust me. because if he trusts me, he trusts you. yeah, well, you didn't count on one thing. he knows i wasn't in the infirmary the whole night. what? how the hell does he know that? some guy he knows works there. i told him some story about you taking me to the hospital, but he's not buying it. then you figure out a way to make him buy it. fine, i'll think of something, but. that's not my only problem. what now? gallo's filing came back. it needs to be filed in person and it needs to be filed by his attorney of record. you got to be shitting me. you want me to represent that animal? if you don't, then getting kevin to talk is gonna be the least of my problems. rachel, i need your help with something. what can i do? i need you to draft a parole application for frank gallo. i thought mike was doing that. there was a problem. which is also why i need you to draw up an engagement letter for me to be gallo's attorney. done. hey. what is it? i heard you get upset with louis earlier and now you're coming to me about gallo so. i just need to know if you think this whole cahill thing is really going to work. rachel. harvey, just tell me the truth. look, i don't know if it's gonna work or not. but i do know i'm not going to stop trying. got to say, you don't look so bad for a guy who blacked out in the yard the other day. yeah, they. they took good care of me. well, i'm glad you're okay. what's on your mind? i need you to get a message to the warden for me. sure, i'll bring it to him at our weekly brunch. what would you like for it to say? i'm serious. i don't care what you are. you want to get a message to the warden, you go through the proper channels and give it to him yourself. i can't go through the proper channels because nobody can know about it. all right, mike, tell me what's going on. i made a deal to get out of here early. what kind of deal? the kind where i inform on someone. someone? kevin miller. oh, mike, come on. julius, let me explain. i don't need you to explain. you're betraying your cellmate who you came to me to protect. no. what i am doing is putting away someone who is out there doing worse things than i ever did. so i don't need your judgment, i need your help. i'm sorry. it's not my job to help you do something like this. no, it's your job to help me prepare for life after prison. well, this is gonna make life after prison come a hell of a lot faster. well, fine, you wanna do this? you go ahead and do it. but i'm not going to be complicit. you talk a big goddamn game about trusting you, but what does that trust mean? now, i need to get to the warden and i need to do it without the guards finding out. can you help me or not? rachel, what are you doing here so late? professor, do you have a minute? of course. yeah. sit down. i went to see leonard bailey this morning to tell him we were turning our backs on him. no one's turning their back on him, rachel. there are just better cases. no offense, but that's bullshit. excuse me? you read his file. there's enough evidence in there for him to get a new trial and instead, we're going to let him rot on death row. rachel, i understand how you feel but. i feel like i dropped your class to take this case. and i told you i'd get you another one. i don't want another one. i want this one. rachel, i cannot provide you with the resources and the backing anymore. okay. so, what if i were able to provide my own resources and to get the supervision of a qualified lawyer? what are you talking about? i work at pearson specter litt, professor. they've been known to take a pro bono case from time to time. okay. okay, you win, rachel. but this is highly irregular. i don't care. that's not a good enough reason to turn our backs on leonard bailey. well, don't ever question my financial wizardry again. let's have it. i was banging my head against the wall trying to figure out a way to stop the suspension. but then it dawned on me. we don't need to stop it. if we can turn sutter's firm into the subsidiary of a separate holding company, we can find someone else to execute the trades for him. beautiful. yeah, but the only issue is we need to find traders that are willing to bankroll the son of a bitch, given his reputation. well, that's not going to be a problem. no, harvey, this is not nothing. nobody wants to work with this guy. you're forgetting our new friends across the hall. what, are you kidding me? you think that asshole is going to say yes to me? it's okay. i know who he'll say yes to. hey, harvey. i know how tough it's been, not having mike here, and i. i just want to let you know i miss him, too. i appreciate that, louis, but you didn't have to say it, because actions speak louder than words. and you doing this says it all. harvey, i've been looking for you all day. well, here i am. then maybe you can tell me why all of a sudden, we're representing william sutter? i changed my mind. you changed your mind. you told me taking sutter on would be like selling your soul. and now, you're doing a complete . jessica, i. no. harvey, i'm not saying i don't like it. i just want to know what's going on. sutter's the one cahill's after. oh, you've got to be kidding me. i shit you not. ah. well, i get it. you give him a full throttle defense, gain his trust, and hope to god mike cuts his legs out. exactly. what? is he going to give us his investment business? not until after we win. which we're hoping we don't. jessica, i have to do this. harvey, relax. i'm onboard. it pays the bills and we can leverage it into more business anyway. but we better leverage it fast, because losing this case might be good for mike, but it's not going to be good for us. and i don't know about you, but i'd like to get back on top. there's nothing i'd like more. which is why i came in here. what do you need? i need you to get something from those traders. on your feet, ross. you're going to solitary. what? wait, what are you talking about? you heard me. hours. let's go. no, i'm not going anywhere with you until you tell me what's going on. you'll go where i tell you to, or you'll get acquainted with this. listen to me. i just want to know why. next question makes it hours. you coming or not? what did you do? jessica, good, i caught you. rachel, what is it? do you remember my innocence project case? how could i not? badass rachel. thank you. so, i took it, but now they're saying that it doesn't qualify. let me guess. you want us to take it on as a pro bono. all i need is one hour a week of supervision and if i need to appear in court, you come with me. i know that's a lot to ask, but. rachel, i wish i could tell you i had an extra hour to give, but i don't. jessica, please. if you would just come with me and meet this man. no, this is my point. i just found out we have less time than i thought we did to get this firm back on its feet, and i can't afford to spend one minute on anything else. but, i mean, really. rachel, i'm sorry. now, if you'll excuse me. thank you. thank your counselor, mr. rowe. i will. you must trust him a lot to let him in on your little arrangement. i do. and he helped me even though he doesn't approve of this. it sounds like you don't either. it's not up to me to approve or not. is that what you came down here to tell me? no, i came down here to tell you i've been doing this a long time. and i've seen a lot of inmates come and go. these kind of deals, they don't always work out so well. you saying you think i'll be here for the whole two years? i'm saying i hope it doesn't turn out even worse than that. i thought the markets were closed. haven't you ever seen wall street? money never sleeps. what's this? have a look. let me get this straight. i hire you and the first thing you do is come to me for a favor? i came to you for a favor when you were my tenant. now, as your lawyer, i'm coming to you with an opportunity. what are you talking about? that's not a charitable donation. you do this, you'll get paid for it. how much? enough. how do i know i'm not leaving something on the table? because i never leave anything on the table. all right. you know, i don't get it. you're obviously a big time attorney, and now you're sub letting to me. what the hell happened here? you don't know? why would i? google it. that bad. we hired a lawyer. turns out he was a fraud. it ruined our reputation. turned out to be a fraud or you knew he was a fraud? good night, stu. see you in the morning. warden, what are you doing? did you know mike ross left the prison grounds the other night? what? don't bullshit me. did you know his lawyer, who i understand is now also your lawyer, paid someone to get him out of here? i don't know anything about it. i suppose if i asked you who he paid, you'd have the same answer. i find out you're lying, next time, you are going to be the one in solitary. and it won't be just one night. what? i'm just thinking about when this asshole finds out you're going to blow his bullshit suspension out of the water. william, i am going to blow it out of the water. but i'm going to need you to sign this first. what the hell is stevens investment group? it's the company you're trading through from now on. bullshit. they own me? they don't own anything. they control you on paper. and unless you want to shut down for the next days, this is what you have to do. well, it's bullshit. what are you going to do if that guy indicts me, cut a deal where i plead guilty and i get probation? because if this is what you consider winning, i might as well find myself another lawyer. okay, gentlemen. i'm ready to hear arguments. but i have to tell you, unless congress passed a new law last night, this suspension stands. that's okay, your honor. my client's firm is now the subsidiary of a holding company with a different trading license. what? it's all right here. in that case, i move to have that company's license suspended. and that, right there, is why i'd like to ask the court to have mr. cahill removed from any investigation regarding my client in the future. are you out of your mind? we have an antagonistic history, your honor. everyone knows it, and this action is nothing more than a stunt designed to punish me through my client. this is ridiculous. i've been investigating william sutter for months. and in the last months, he took no action. and then yesterday, when i informed him i am mr. sutter's attorney, within five hours, he suspends his license. and now, he's trying to do it again. that's what i call a win. judge mr. cahill, this doesn't look good. i'm inclined to take you off this case. your honor, mr. specter is right. we have history. but i've been involved in this case a lot longer than he has. so, if anyone needs to be thrown off for a conflict, it is him, not me. i'm not going anywhere, your honor. then let mr. sutter waive any claims to conflict altogether. unless, of course, you want to set a precedent that anytime a defendant doesn't like his prosecutor, all he has to do is hire a lawyer he's gone up against before. judge mr. sutter, would you like to keep your attorney or hire another one? because i am not taking mr. cahill off this case. harvey's my guy, your honor. then unless there's some other issue, the court has a full docket. guard tells you you have a visitor and doesn't say who it is, you start thinking maybe angelina jolie opened your letters after all. sit down, gallo. you here to make more false accusations? i'm here to tell you that, as of this minute, i'm your new attorney. come again? you need someone to file that motion. i'm that someone. what if i don't want your help? well, then, you can rot in here for the rest of your sentence. it's actually kind of funny, isn't it? you fighting to get me out when you fought so hard to put me away. must kill you. makes me sick to my stomach. but. i'm going to live with it, because you're going to give me something in return. oh, yeah? what's that? until this thing goes through, not only are you going to keep your hands off mike, you're going to be his personal protector in here. bullshit. not bullshit. he so much as twists an ankle in the yard, i'll withdraw that motion. aren't you forgetting a little something, champ? i don't need you to handle this thing for me. now that i know what's what, i'll get my own attorney. yeah. you do that and i'll tell the courts that you just admitted to me that you tried to poison mike. you know how much time that's going to add to your sentence? i didn't do shit to him! good for you. who do you think they're going to believe? a former prosecutor like me or an informant convict like you? of course, if i'm your attorney, i can't tell them any of that. you son of a bitch. you set me up. i sure as hell did. so, it's up to you. you in or you out? can i talk to you a second? what is it, louis? i can't find a house. house? what house? i don't know anything about a house. certainly not for a person who doesn't have any confidence in my ability to know what he's looking for in a given situation. donna, please. can't we just pretend that i didn't say what i said like we usually do? no, louis. we can't. because i need to know that you have spent at least one second contemplating what your little outburst was about. i know what it was about. really? what is that? i miss you, donna. i miss having you as my secretary. i miss you, too, louis. and don't get me wrong. i'm not saying gretchen's not great. who would? it's just. i'm just saying she's not you. who is? nobody. is this the kind of thing you're looking for? oh, my god, it's perfect. is it still available? an offer went in this morning. we have to beat it. no, louis, we don't. that offer was yours. did they take it? we find out tomorrow. donna. no. sorry about what happened with the warden. yeah. if you need anything. i'll let you know. look, i didn't tell him what you told me about harvey getting you out. i need you to know that. it's important to me. yeah, whatever you say, kevin. i know i haven't told you why i'm in here, mike. but you don't understand. from the second i got here, i've had to watch what i say. every single word. and every morning, i get up and i remind myself not to say the wrong thing to the wrong person. and every night, i go to bed and think. another day down where i didn't. yeah, you think i don't know what that's like? i've been living a lie every day for years. yeah, but you were just protecting yourself. you don't have a family. kevin. what did you do? i got in a fight with my wife. it was. it was bad. we said things to each other we never said before. i went out. i got drunk. i got into my car and. i almost killed someone. the next thing i knew, i woke up in an ambulance looking up at a police officer. what? i made one stupid, stupid mistake. and it's going to cost me three years with my family. and it's not just the special things, man. i'm missing a thousand chances to hug my kids in the morning and kiss my wife good night. all because i couldn't control myself. what were you fighting with your wife about? what do you mean you were trying to protect your family? kevin. i can't. yeah, i can't. i just can't. okay. i'll do it. excuse me? your pro bono. bring me the file tomorrow morning. jessica, i'm sorry. can i just ask why? what does it matter? it matters to me. i've been out all day trying to drum up business and it hasn't been easy. so, from now on, when people google our name, i'd rather they see innocent man freed by pearson specter than manhattan law firm hires a fraud. thank you. good night, rachel. what are you doing here, sean? oh, you know what i'm doing here. what were you thinking, trying to get me thrown off my own case? he was coming at me. i had to do something to keep his trust. well, for your information, if i get thrown off this case, that deal that you don't know about, getting that certain someone out early, doesn't exist anymore. you think i don't know that? no. i don't think you do. because if i hadn't pulled that shit out of my ass, this whole thing would have been for nothing. what are you so pleased with yourself about? nothing, it's just. you didn't want me to take this case. and now, you're getting pissed at me because i'm doing too good a job defending my client. now that you put it that way. it was a good fix, sean. it was a good move, harvey. want to get a drink? why don't we just have one here? this might be the last one that we have together for a long time. why? as of right now, you have no action pending against my client. but as of tomorrow, i do. because those indictments are coming down in the morning. . . . .subtitles by. . . 