 this guy's one slippery son of a bitch. wait a second. william sutter? he came to me a week ago to take him on. you cross one line that puts me in jeopardy, i'm going to pull the plug on this whole thing. i need a large, expensive home in the hamptons. why are you buying a vacation home? because i told tara messer that i have a property out there and i hired her to remodel it for me. damn it, harvey! i am not colluding on this, and you're in here trying to get me to bring an indictment against your own client. because when you bring that indictment, i'm gonna beat it, and if you don't bring it and continue investigating my client, i'm going to sue you. i think it's pretty goddamn funny that you don't trust me when you're the one that won't even tell me what you're in here for. okay. i'll do it. excuse me? your pro bono. bring me the file tomorrow morning. it was a good fix, sean. it was a good move, harvey. want to get a drink? why don't we just have one here? why? as of right now, you have no action pending against my client. but as of tomorrow, i do. because those indictments are coming down in the morning. kevin, what did you do? i got in a fight with my wife. i got drunk. i got into my car and. i almost killed someone. i'm missing a thousand chances to hug my kids in the morning and kiss my wife goodnight. all because i couldn't control myself. what were you fighting with your wife about? i can't. i just can't. harvey. what are you doing here? mike, sit down. i need to tell you something. what's going on? i'm working on getting you out of here. yeah, i know you are. i'm not talking about what we're doing for cahill. i'm talking about something else. harvey, we're in a room full of people. you can't be talking about cahill. if kevin finds out, then. it doesn't matter if kevin finds out now. he's done. what do you mean, he's done? i mean, rachel's dead and kevin killed her. what? it's true. you son of a bitch. you're lying to me. god damn it, he told you he did it. bullshit. he got drunk. he got in a car, he murdered the woman you love. stop saying that. and now, you're gonna be stuck in here with him for the rest of your life. stop it. kevin would never do that to me. mike, wake up! no! mike. wake up. no. wake up. no! mike, wake up. no! no! no! no! no! no! kevin wake up! hey, you okay? yeah. yeah, i'm fine. you sure? 'cause that, that was some dream you were having. i'm fine. i'm just. i'm going back to sleep. harvey, good, there you are. what's going on? sutter just called. let me guess. the indictments came down. he wants you in his office an hour ago. i'll tell him you're on your way. no, tell him you couldn't reach me. you want him to start sweating. but why? because when people start sweating, they start talking to their lawyer. i'll tell ray to be on hold. no, tell him to pull around. but you just said you weren't going to sutter's. i'm not. i'm going somewhere else. oh, look who it is. the man of the hour. did you get my indictments? i sure as hell did. and now that the party's started, why don't you tell me what kevin miller knows. what are you talking about? you went after the guy to try to get him to flip on sutter. so, what did you think he was gonna give you? i'm not gonna tell you that. why not? because i told you when i started this thing, i'm not gonna collude. we're not colluding. it's called discovery. so, why don't you tell me what the hell kevin miller knows. he developed the trading programs that sutter claims to use to get his superior returns. and that program's got to be full of shit because if it isn't. then sutter's not inside trading. which he sure as shit is. so, you're looking to have kevin testify that software is bullshit and sutter knows it. bingo. then let me ask you this. what exactly did you put kevin away for? and why do you need to know that? because it might help us figure out what his weak spot is. we got him on vehicular assault while driving under the influence. are you kidding me? why didn't you think to tell us that? why would i? mike's parents were killed by a drunk driver. and how the hell was i supposed to know that? i don't know. it would've been nice to know what this asshole did before we sent mike back into a cell with him. hey, what happened to you this morning? what do you mean? you skipped breakfast. i wasn't hungry. that all it was? what are you talking about? come on, mike. you had a nightmare last night, you've been avoiding me all morning, and you're acting weird right now. what's going on? nothing's going on. then why the hell were you in a cold sweat muttering something about someone not finding out, and then calling out my name? all right, kevin, you want to know what's going on? i had a dream that you killed rachel in a car accident. that's probably why i don't particularly feel like hanging out with you this morning. because of what you told me about your parents. mike, i'm really sorry. are you? what? what's that supposed to mean? i mean, last night, you told me you almost killed someone. are you sorry about that? you've got to be kidding me. you have a dream and now you're questioning if i feel bad about what i did that night? you still haven't answered whether or not you do. you know what? you need to be pissed off at me to deal with your shit, you go right ahead. but i feel horrible about what happened that night. and for your information, the guy that i hit is fully recovered right now and i'm still in here paying for this shit. see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody wanna know how it feel everybody wanna see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie i don't mind me and missy is so early busy, busy making money all right! all step back i'm 'bout to dance the greenback boogie . . . .subtitles by. . . . p krishna teja p break out the champagne, louis. that house in the hamptons is gonna be yours in to days. they accepted my offer? that they did. well, then, i have something much better than champagne. wood. i don't really see how that's better than champagne. of course you don't. because you don't know that i'm having a replica of my house made for tara so she can see her designs come to life. louis, that's actually really sweet. i know. now all i need to do. is pick the perfect wood. i don't follow. donna, the kind of wood you get says everything you need to know about what kind of man you are. how hard or soft it is. how much it bends when you're working it. how firm it is compared to. i got the picture, louis. no, i don't think you do. making tara love my wood is the first step towards making her love me. okay, louis, calm down. no, no, i don't really want to calm down, because all i can think about is my wood. so, tell me exactly how many different kinds of wood have you sampled in your day? all of them. mahogany, chestnut, walnut, all the nuts. ebony? ebony? don't even get me started on ebony. when i see ebony, all i want to do is put my hands all over it. oh, god. i want to live in it, i wanna smack it, hit it, rub it down. i just want to eat it. what's so funny? nothing. um, i just think that a man needs to, uh. to follow his heart and choose the wood that just feels right. feels right. yeah. that's it. donna. i need you to help me feel my wood. oh, dear god. goddamn it, julie. call his office again, and this time tell them to find where the. if you're talking about my office, there's no need. i'm right here. what the hell took you so long? i was unavailable. well, i just got indicted, so from now on, you make yourself available. i get it. this all just got real for you. so, why don't you tell me right now? how real is the rest of it? what are you saying? i'm saying cahill claims that you can't make the returns you do, you say you can, and i want to know how you do it. we use a proprietary trading algorithm. developed by who? my son in law. good, then we can give it to cahill, 'cause he just subpoenaed it. no, we can't. why the hell not? because the trades on which i make the most money have nothing to do with that program. are you kidding me? you're admitting to inside trading? i'm not admitting to anything except that sometimes i trade with my gut. well, i got news for you, william. to a jury, that's gonna sound like you're full of shit. okay, smart guy. pick up that journal. give me a stock. nasdaq, new york stock exchange. i don't give a shit. just pick one. all right, computech. computech. one point five nine billion shares outstanding. yesterday's close, flat. today's opening, and a quarter. pe's at . earnings expected to grow at a year. what it doesn't say in there is that the earnings aren't gonna grow, because their ceo doesn't give a shit. which makes it a value trap dressed up like a princess and i wouldn't touch it with a foot pole. that's a pretty neat trick, william. but it isn't gonna stop this subpoena. it's not a trick. it's what i do. and what you're gonna do is stop that son of a bitch from getting his hands on my program. rachel, whatever it is, it's going to have to wait. okay, but you told me to bring you everything i have on the bailey case this morning. great. leave it on my desk, and i'll get to it sometime this week. oh, i'm sorry, jessica. i was really hoping that we could go over it today. i was hoping to be out the door by now. look, i know that i said this wouldn't take up too much of your time, but. rachel, i said i would do this and i will, but you just have to be patient. i understand. it's just, leonard bailey's been patient for years. and i have sympathy for the man, but today's not the day. don't bother with another menu. i'll just have the cobb salad. what do you think you're doing? what does it look like i'm doing? i'm having lunch with a client to discuss his investment business. you don't represent my investment business. which is exactly why we need to have lunch. no, we don't need to have anything. because the deal was harvey gets me cleared of criminal charges, then you get the rest of my business. i don't care what the deal was, william. i care what the deal is. because now that that indictment's come down, harvey is going to be spending all of his time on you. that's not my problem. i'm making it your problem. we get all of your business or we handle none of it. bullshit. you quit, you lose billables you can't afford to lose. we quit and it looks like we realized your case was a loser and wanted distance from it, which you can't afford. you really wanna start a business relationship this way? i don't give a shit how it starts, william. i give a shit how it looks. oh. that's why you did this here. you want it to look like you already represent my firm. well, look at that. looks like i'm worth hiring after all. so, are we actually going to talk business or am i just gonna bill you for the pleasure of my company? mike, what can i do for you? you can tell me if you do straight up therapy or not. what's on your mind? you didn't answer my question. i didn't think i needed to, since we've been doing straight up therapy since you got here. so, you want to tell me what you're here for? my parents were killed by a drunk driver when i was . and yesterday, i found out that kevin almost killed someone drunk driving. so, i need you to help me act normal around him so that i can get what i need so i can get out of here. oh, well, that's gonna be a problem. because the goal of therapy is not to act normal, it's to be normal. yeah, well, i'll be normal when i'm home with the woman i love instead of dreaming that the guy i'm sharing a cell with killed her. what? i had a dream last night that i didn't have to inform on kevin anymore because he killed rachel in an accident. and i must have been talking about it in my sleep because he asked me about it today. so, i told him the accident part and then we got in a fight. a fight about what? i asked him if he even felt bad about the guy he hit. so, you turned it back on him. what is that even supposed to mean? it means that i think you picked a fight with kevin because you didn't wanna think about why you had that dream. i know why i had that dream. it's because he almost killed someone the same way my parents were killed. no, you had the dream because you don't wanna deal with what you're doing to your friend. oh, this again. yes, this again. mike, why do you think that part of the dream was finding out that you didn't have to inform on him anymore? god damn it, i did not come here to second guess my decision. do you know what? i don't care. because i wouldn't be doing my job if i didn't inform you that actions have consequences. and you seem to think that the only consequence of what you're doing is getting out of here early, but it's not. no. i think you don't know shit about what i've been through. it was a mistake coming to you for help. .and this is the fifth bedroom. and i'm completely open to you knocking down walls or removing windows, by the way. oh, no, i love the windows. they let in so much light. i agree, we should add a wall of glass. what do you think? i think the place is beautiful and i appreciate you bringing these photos over, but when can we go see it in person? uh, in person? yes, of course. i need to see the space before i can start drafting anything. i was just thinking we could work closely together for the next to days before you started that. that wouldn't be productive. but i couldn't possibly make it out there in less than seven to business days. that's too bad. i was gonna be out there the day after tomorrow. i was thinking we could see the space and then maybe go have lunch. lunch? together? well, i wasn't thinking of eating in separate restaurants. of course you weren't. the day after tomorrow is perfect. but i thought you couldn't. i can and i will. and i will meet you at my ancestral home that i have owned for quite some time, the day after tomorrow. your honor, i'm simply requesting mr. sutter hand over. something he has no right to. i have every right to make sure that your client is operating within the law. and what exactly is your basis to say that he isn't? your honor, when you break the home run record and someone says your bat is corked, you turn it over to show it's not. except when that bat is the reason you hit all those homers. because the second he gets it, everyone in the world is gonna know what's in it, and my client might as well go out of business right now. that is a ridiculous supposition without a shred of proof to back it up. how's this for proof? your honor, six years ago, mr. cahill went on a fishing expedition just like this one. that has nothing to do with this. oh, doesn't it? he subpoenaed a proprietary trading program from kessler capital, it proved no wrong doing, and months later, they were out of business. that has nothing to do with my subpoena. and i have an affidavit here from mr. kessler saying it was directly because of your subpoena. mr. cahill, is what he's saying true? did you go after kessler in the same manner and did he go under months later? yes, but. no buts. do you have any other evidence to present to the court? not at this time, your honor. then your request is denied. louis oh, there you are. what the hell are you doing in the executive kitchen? what does it look like i'm doing? i'm being executive. but you're not an executive. until i made the executive decision that i was. now, is there something i can help you with? yeah, i want you to forget that latte and get me unfettered access to my new home after thoroughly cleansing it of any trace of its former occupants. and why exactly do you need me to do that? because tara wants to see the house and then have lunch with me the day after tomorrow. louis, your offer was just accepted and there's never been a one day escrow in the history of escrows. you don't think i know that? i just spent the last hour arguing with five different escrow officers. i get it. you want me to get people to do things they'd never be willing to do in a time frame that makes it impossible for them to do it in. exactly. then make me a double latte and get the hell out of my way because i'm about to executive decision your sorry ass into that house. harvey what are you drinking? a year old bottle of the finest single malt in the world. then get me a glass. not until i know what happened in court today. well, let me put it this way. the only thing that sean cahill's gonna be drinking tonight is a shit out of luck daiquiri. how did you get it done? i established a pattern of him going fishing without enough bait. then have a drink before you get back in there and knock the bastard out before he can throw another punch. what are you saying? i'm saying i want you to get this entire action dismissed. william, that's a terrible idea. not to me, because he's got nothing. i don't care, what you're suggesting is a mistake. you still haven't told me why. because you only get one shot at dismissal and now's not the time to take it. well, i say it is and i'm not suggesting it. i'm flat out telling you to do it. i didn't get where i am by letting my clients bully me. and i didn't get where i am by allowing my employees to dictate terms. which i already did once today and i'm not gonna do it again. what's that supposed to mean? it means jessica pearson convinced me to give your firm the rest of my business this afternoon. so, if you don't move to have the charges against me dismissed, i'll have her do it for you. harvey, i was just on my way out. well, you can be on your way back in, because i just came from sutter's. i take it he told you about our little conversation today. if by conversation you mean going behind my back and getting his investment business, then yeah, he told me. i didn't go behind your back. i saw an opportunity and i took it. well, now he's seeing an opportunity and he's taking it. what are you talking about? he's leveraging what you did to get me to move for an immediate dismissal. and don't tell me, you think it's gonna work. i sure as hell do. and the second it does, mike's chance at getting out goes with it, thanks to you. hang on there, tiger. you're not in this position because of something i did. you're in it because of sutter. and he'd be demanding you to have this case dismissed whether we have his other business or not. well, that's not the point. no, harvey, the point is i have been out there busting my ass trying to find us new business for days. and do you know what they keep asking? why don't we have sutter's investment business? goddamn right. we needed it, i got it, and now they're not asking anymore. what's gonna happen when we lose this case and his business goes away? what happens is we're already built back up by then. so, instead of blaming me for the position sutter has put you in, i suggest you go ahead and find yourself a way out of it. rachel, what can i do for you? i was hoping you could do something for leonard bailey. i drafted a motion to reopen his case, but i need a current member of the bar to file it. and what happened to the person you said was gonna take this on? she can't get to it until later this week, but i want to get on this as soon as possible. rachel, i'm sorry, but i told you before, i don't have the resources to work on this case now. professor, this man has a wife who gave up on him and children that he doesn't see. his entire life is passing him by, and the only way for him to start getting it back is to just have someone who cares enough about him that they give him a half hour of their time. let me see your motion. this is well drafted. thank you. but i'm afraid it won't work. no, what are you talking. no, look. there's no reason that he should've been convicted. look at the evidence. that's not the point. rachel, i've worked on dozens of these cases. and like it or not, the standard to reopen is higher than what it says in the books. you need something undeniable. then what am i supposed to do? you're supposed to use your gumption to find that something and get leonard bailey the justice he's been waiting for. harvey, it's late. whatever you're doing here, it's gonna have to wait until morning. it can't. why is that? because sutter wants me to move for an immediate dismissal. what? you leveraged me into bringing this indictment and now you want to toss it? i don't want to toss it. but if i don't, he's gonna find someone else who will. what are you doing here, harvey? nothing, i'm just finishing my dinner. thing is, i don't like to litter. so, why don't you do me a favor. if i forget this when i go, why don't you take it upstairs and throw it away? what's in the bag, harvey? a wrapper, a couple napkins, and a few extra fries. what the hell is in the bag, harvey? what you needed to keep this case going and i stopped you from getting. damn it, you said you were gonna defend him to the best of your ability. and i meant it, but i also knew if push came to shove, i'd do what i had to to get mike out. and i made my peace with it. yeah, well, i haven't. yes, you have. what are you talking about? you've been giving me this song and dance about not colluding and it didn't matter what i said back to you as long as it was something to let you believe we wouldn't. because that song wasn't for me, it was for you. oh, for me? bullshit. i don't think so, sean. because you don't break a guy out of prison just to advance your career. this means something to you. i don't need to know what it is, but it means something to me, too. so, let's just admit that we're in this together and get this thing done. take that garbage and throw it away. now can i have champagne? you got the realtor to give you the key to the house. not only that, i got him to agree to take the kellmans to brunch tomorrow from to to celebrate their big sale. well, that is great, donna, but i don't just need to get into the house, i need tara to believe that it's my house. which means. no lockbox on the door, no for sale sign in the yard, and no personal belongings in the house. which is why we are gonna be there at to stage the shit out of that place. oh, and these are coming with us. you reframed pictures of bruno. in the style of the house. and not just bruno. mikado. it's perfect, donna. i just thought showing tara your wood wasn't the only way to show her what kind of man you are. thank you, donna. you're welcome, louis. since when do we get a room instead of having to use those damn phones? since i officially became part of your legal team. my legal team? that's right. the firm that i work for is taking your case. after all this time. thank you. you're welcome. but we still need to get the case reopened. and to do that, we need to find something new. so, where do we get that? i was going through the state's case file, and i read your police report. you said there was a woman with you that night who can testify that you didn't kill that couple. that's right. maria. but that's not new. well, it's new as far as the court's concerned, because it was never admitted at trial. well, let's admit it. it's not that easy. i need to understand why it was never admitted. because the damn woman up and disappeared before my trial. my lawyer didn't do a thing. you had an alibi witness and your public defender let her get away? that's what i've been saying. maria could have told the jury that i didn't do it. instead, no one told them. two weeks later, i'm in here. and i've been here ever since. is there anything else i need to know? then i need to find maria gomez. look, man, please, i really don't want to talk. good, 'cause i just want you to listen. when i was a kid, i thought we had it good. and we did. had a nice house, nice neighborhood except for one thing. turns out my father was a criminal. one day, he got caught, he went to prison, and my whole life fell apart. how old were you? fifteen. let me tell you something. i hated that man for doing what he did to me. so, i did what messed up year olds do. you started acting out. acting out? brother, i was on my way to a place worse than this. finally, my mom made me see someone. and he helped me realize that if i didn't change, i was gonna ruin my life. so, i straightened out and turned my life around. and that's why you do what you do. yeah. why are you telling me this? because the way that man got through to me was to open up about himself. and i realize that if i really want to help you, i gotta do the same. all right, i dragged this out as long as i can, but i'm pretty much done drafting this motion, so i'll need you to proof it, then. harvey, before i do that, i think you should take a look at these. what is it? cahill issued subpoenas to deposition william sutter and kevin miller. that sneaky son of a bitch. why are you smiling? because last night i went to cahill and tried to give him sutter's trading program. you did what? it was the only way i could see to stop the case from getting dismissed. but he wouldn't take it. and this buys you time. it does if the judge waits to rule on our motion until after cahill conducts these depositions. harvey, even if that works, what if cahill doesn't get enough from the depositions to keep the case alive? then mike's chance of getting out of prison is gone. which means cahill's not the only one that needs to use this to try and get something. i have to admit, miss zane, when you said you were looking into the bailey case, my interest was piqued. that was a long time ago. well, you've obviously come a long way since your public defender days. you don't exactly see the best of humanity at that job, which makes it one you can only do for so long. but you didn't come here to be my therapist. no, i came to talk about maria gomez. what about her? i'm curious as to how you can have an alibi witness on a murder case and your client ends up on death row. because i didn't have an alibi witness. i had a no show who vanished into thin air and i didn't have the resources to find her. and you didn't think to ask the police at trial why they didn't follow up on leonard's alibi? i did think of it, and they would have said what they always say. every murderer claims to have an alibi. and if i couldn't produce her, why should they? well, you could have at least asked for a postponement to have time to find her. and i would have, except for one thing. i wasn't sure a drug addict with a prior conviction would have done leonard bailey much good. that's about her character, not the facts of the case. her character is a fact of the case. and when i pressed her as to what the two of them were doing at the time of those murders, she admitted they were both on meth, and it wasn't the first time. which, by the way, might have something to do with why she never showed up at trial. so, you can try to reopen this case if you want, ms. zane. but i am telling you, you're wasting your time. what's going on? what's going on is the clock's ticking. sutter wants me to get the case dismissed. what? if that happens. i know. now, listen to me. i bought us a little time, but i need you to do something. okay. what is it? sutter doesn't know this yet. but he and i are gonna be here tomorrow to have a practice deposition with kevin. so, i need you to do the best sean cahill you have to get them talking. you want me in the room? i don't think that's a good idea. didn't you hear me? we're running out of time. i heard you, but i don't think it's a good idea for me to be in the same room as kevin right now. the drunk driving. you knew? i just found out. well, then, you also know it's probably not the best time for me to chum up to him. i'm not asking you to chum up to him. i'm asking you to piss him off. what are you talking about? kevin knows something and he's not talking. so, we could sit around here for the next two years waiting for him to tell you, or we can light a fire under his ass by reminding him that sutter's out there while he's in here. now, are you with me or not? i'm with you. i take it you're here to give me the good news. i'm afraid not. i thought i made myself clear. if you don't make a motion to dismiss. i did file a motion to dismiss, but it doesn't matter because cahill filed subpoenas to depose you and your son in law first. and until those depositions happen, the court won't file on the motion. goddamn it. how the hell did he know to do that when we're about to have the case thrown out? i don't know, but that's not what i came here to talk about. because we need to get you and kevin miller in a room to prepare you for your deposition. you want us to go prison? look, i don't see any other choice. so, you should call whoever it is you were gonna meet this morning and tell them you can't make it, because you and i are going to danbury. were you really serious about wanting to help me? why do i get the feeling that's not a simple question? because i want to know if you're willing to give me access to certain records. i'm, i'm sorry, mike. i cannot give information on other inmates. well, that's okay, because those aren't the records i'm looking for. did you find maria? you know, i haven't even started looking for her yet. because you lied to me. what? i didn't lie to you about shit. well, you certainly didn't tell me that you and maria were high the night of those murders. well, who told you that? georgina casey. you went to see my old lawyer? yes, i did. and now you're sitting over there looking at me like, you know. maybe he could've killed those people after all. leonard, when i went into that meeting, i was on your side. and you came out of it, off it. no. when i came out of it, i had questions. okay, ask them! i got nothing to hide. really? because you hid something from me the last time. that was different. no, it's relevant. no, it isn't. you were high the night of the murders and you lied to me about it. because i'm ashamed of how i used to be! i was a high school dropout on my way nowhere. so, yeah. i looked for an escape when i could afford one. i'm not saying i didn't make some mistakes or maybe even commit a few crimes. but killing those kids was not one of them. and that's the truth. but i guess it doesn't matter. because if you don't find maria, someday they're gonna walk me down that hall and put me to death. then i guess i'd better get back to finding her. but, leonard, i'm telling you, if you're not straight with me, this isn't gonna work. then i won't ever leave anything out again. this is ridiculous. this kid's no sean cahill. this kid made sean cahill look like a fool without even having a law degree. just so you know, when you attack opposing counsel, it kind of makes you look afraid. i'm not afraid of you. okay. then why don't you tell me this? what's the best thing about having so much money? what? you heard me. you've got the penthouse in manhattan. you've got the villa in the south of france. you've got two yachts. so, what? mike so, what? i wouldn't want to give all of that up. would you, mr. miller? me? yeah, you. i mean, you had use of all of these places, too. until you threw it all away driving drunk, that is. what? objection, irrelevant. mike i think it's very relevant. for all i know, kevin could be somehow involved. that's insane. that's insane? you're the developer of the trading software. and i'm not the one who's on trial here. then let's talk about the one who is. how do you feel about the fact that your father in law never came to visit you in prison? excuse me? you heard me. he hasn't come to see you once. how does that make you feel? it doesn't matter to me. it. he could be lying on a beach in the french riviera while you can barely see your wife and kids. and that doesn't matter to you? mr. miller's family has nothing to do with this investigation. mr. miller's family is the subject of this investigation. and his father in law clearly doesn't give a shit. i'm grateful for everything kevin's done for me and he knows it. yeah, right. i'm sorry, what was that? are you disputing the fact that he's grateful to you? i'm not answering that question. this isn't getting us anywhere. he's getting you ready for cahill. i wouldn't have to get ready for cahill if you'd done your goddamn job and gotten this case dismissed. kevin that's right, get someone else to cover up your mess like you always do. you got something you wanna say to me? i got something i wanna do to you. you better remember who you're talking to. i know exactly who i'm talking to. the guy that doesn't give a shit about anyone else other than himself. that's enough! that is enough! this is your trial, it's not mine. and i'm done with this and i'm done with you. guard. son of a bitch. i knew that kid would be a problem. relax. that's the whole reason i wanted mike in here. if kevin gets any funny ideas, mike's gonna calm him down, then let us know. you guys really get under each other's skin, don't you? you have no idea how many times i've thought about punching that bastard in his smug face. i'm guessing he's thought about punching you, too. what the hell is that supposed to mean? it means his daughter married a criminal. he's got to live with that. you know what? i've had just about enough of you giving me shit for what i did. well, maybe i'll stop giving you shit when your story starts adding up. excuse me? you said you got three years for drunk driving. but you've got no priors and this guy made a full recovery. ninety nine times out of a hundred, that means you're getting probation. then i guess i had shitty representation. bullshit. money like yours doesn't buy shitty representation. then i don't know what to tell you. how about you start with telling me the goddamn truth? you want to know the truth? i'll tell you, because i'm sick of holding it in, man. i got three years because when they offered me a deal to turn on him, i said no. you had to turn them down. he didn't do it. no, i had to turn them down because he's not the only one involved. what? you asked me why i was drinking that night. it was because i found out the thing that i worked so hard on to get that prick's approval was nothing but a lie. your trading program. yeah, my program. turns out he wasn't using it at all. he was just insider trading the whole time. okay, so, you got home, you told jill, and she didn't believe you. no, mike. she not only believed me, she. she already knew. she was in on it. yeah. so, i went out and i got drunk. and the next thing i knew, i had to choose between going to prison for three years or the mother of my children going away for a whole lot more. kevin, you've got. donna okay, i. have removed every possible trace of the kellmans' existence and replaced it with yours. now, all i have to do is fill the refrigerator with prune juice and then i've got to set up the. okay, get out. what? what do you mean, get out? i haven't set up the. she's pulling up. she's here, and i don't want her to see us together and get the wrong idea. and exactly what idea is that? okay. don't you understand? no woman could compete with you if she thought there was even a chance of you and i being together. really? no, she blows you away. now, get the hell out and use the service entrance. tara, you're here. oh, my god. louis, this place is wonderful. how long have you had it? i've had it for generations. great grandma litt, she used to make wool right over there by the fire. the natural light is phenomenal. phenomenal. there's a wildness to the landscape. an uninhibited energy. wild. uninhibited. it's perfect for us, louis. i'm glad you like it. i don't just like it. i love it. just like i love you. oh, tara, i love you. what? it, your idea. what you were talking about earlier? which idea? what happened? louis, are you okay? what the hell is going on here? nothing's going on here. what the hell are you doing in my house? your house? louis, who are these people? these people are the registered owners of this property. you mean the one you said had been in your family for generations? that's a lie. we built this house ourselves, and until five minutes ago, we were gonna sell it to him. tara, i can explain. i don't need you to explain. i've heard enough. tara, wait. please. tara, please wait. you know, i've heard about people like you. you're trying to get free design work out of me so you can decide whether or not you want to buy this house. that has nothing to do with it. really? because first, you tried to get me to work on this without even seeing the space. then you lured me out here under false pretenses. so, why don't you tell me what exactly is going on here? i lied to you about owning a house in the hamptons so i could spend time with you. what? why? why would you do that? because you are perfect, and beautiful, and intelligent, and talented. and so far out of my league it was the only thing that i could come up with to find the time i needed to make you fall for me. you were willing to buy and remodel an entire house to do that? i was. that's the most romantic thing i've ever heard. really? yeah. yes, really. tara, would you like to have dinner with me? i'd love to, louis. rachel what are you working on? an engagement letter. you got a new client. i got us two new clients. so, that's what you had to do the other day. well, something like that. the one i got the other day led to the one i got today. that's great. yeah, what's on your mind? i know you said that you'd give me an hour of your time later this week, but i need that hour tonight. rachel, it's been a long day. can we talk about this in the morning? no, jessica, we can't. leonard bailey's execution date's been set. and i don't know how to tell a man that he's going to die. you know, i always knew that jill and i were from two different worlds. i mean, she was a sutter and i was just. a guy who was good with numbers and didn't have much else. i figured it was only a matter of time before she came to her senses. but she never did. and let me guess. william never accepted it. so, when he asked me to develop that algorithm, i thought. this was my chance. and when i gave it to him, he acted so proud. started calling me his genius son in law. but i was really just the world's biggest sucker, because i let that son of a bitch get one over on me and i'll regret it for the rest of my life. what if you could get one over on him? what are you talking about? you said yourself they offered you a deal. i bet they'd still take it. no way. if i give them him, they go after her. not if you get them to give jill immunity first. no. kevin, you have to. it's too big a risk. and, and you're my father in law's lawyer. you can't even be saying this to me. i am nobody's lawyer. i am your friend, and i am saying. well, my answer's no. and i want your word right now that you won't tell anyone what i told you. kevin, please. mike, i'm serious. no one can ever know anything about what i told you. you have my word. did i ever tell you my mother was a teacher? first grade. everybody always said she was the best teacher their kid ever had. and she loved it. but she also always dreamed of seeing spain when she retired. that was supposed to be six years ago. but then the state teachers pension fund decided to invest its money with william sutter. she died last year, still working. and every year, i tried to pay for her trip, but she just wouldn't let me. sean, why are you telling me this? because the judge decided to rule on your motion to dismiss after all. which means we're out of time. and you didn't just come here to tell me about your mother. no. i came here to ask for that trading program. . . . .subtitles by. . . 