 and unless we drop the lawsuit, he's going to come after us for collusion. if i pull out of that hearing, palmer can't touch us. but i'm not doing anything until you tell nathan exactly what's going on. there's nothing to tell. you said you were doing this case as a way to get into the bar. and i just withdrew my application. i knew mike was a fraud before he was arrested. i leveraged it to get my name on the wall. i thought i knew what kind of man you were. how dare you say that to me? the first time we slept together, you were with another man. i don't want to spend the rest of my life with a man who gave up on his dreams. and i know that you don't want to be that man either. we have proof of over a dozen instances of you committing corporate espionage. what do you want? you're going to settle with those miners. you're going to forget you ever heard of us. and you're going to honor your original agreement with craig seidel. i don't just want you to set that hearing. i want you to bulldoze anyone who stands in my way. what time is it? don't worry. you're not late for work. here. thanks. god, i could use this. i got in pretty late last night. does that have anything to do with the flowers i just found in the kitchen? can't a guy just buy you flowers because he loves you? he can. but he didn't. you're right. i bought them to say thank you for doing whatever it took to make sure i got my shot at getting into the bar. wait, does that mean that. yeah. we did it. my hearing's tomorrow. seidel's on our side. i can't believe it. this could really happen. i know. what is it? i promised oliver that i would tell nathan about the whole thing. mike, you can't do that. i know i can't. but i've got to get a couple of days off for the hearing. which means i've got to tell him something. louis. what are you doing here? i hope you don't mind i stopped by. i had to see you. i couldn't sleep at all last night. neither could i. tara, please. i know we had a fight. but you told me you wanted to get to know me. and i swear, what i told you was the worst thing i've ever done. louis, the thing i'm having trouble dealing with has nothing to do with that person at your firm. it has to do with how you treated me last night. tara, please. let me finish. you shared something horrible with me, gave me no time to process it and while i was taking it in, you not only attacked my integrity, you made me feel ashamed of myself. you are right. i lashed out and i shouldn't have. but i only did it because i was afraid of you rejecting me. and i will. tara, i will die if you reject me. that's the thing, louis. you had a reason for reacting the way you did. but i'm not sure i want to be with a man who thinks there's ever a reason to treat me that way. tara. i'm sorry, louis. they're waiting for me in the conference room. i told you i'll call, and i will call. nathan. mike, what's up? nothing. i just want to give you this. this is a check for , . i know. we settled. i gave the miners their checks last night. mike, this is the most money we've ever made on a case. for once, we're not going to have to worry about making rent. yeah, right. that's not a joke. wait, you're telling me that , can really make that big a difference to the clinic? i'm telling you that i know, in corporate law, money doesn't matter unless it's in the millions. but here, , makes all the difference in the world. well, in that case, nathan, i've been working here seven days a week since i started and i've got some personal stuff that i need to take care of. stop right there. look. you just bought me days' rent. the least i can do is give a few days back. right. thank you. thank you. okay, let's hear it. hear what? the joke you spent all morning coming up with. what joke? i was just going to ask you where the law library was, but then i realized you've never set foot in there. shouldn't you be at the clinic saving whales? first of all, that's greenpeace. and second of all, i took the day off so i could prepare for the character and fitness committee. oh! that means you're taking whatever that hitch is going to be seriously. you know i am. that's what i like to hear, because i don't want somebody working here who doesn't listen to my advice. harvey, i still don't think you understand. when this thing is over, i am not coming back here. mike. i told you. i want to do good. then do good here. and i also told you that the only reason i agreed to this whole thing in the first place was because i couldn't stand to watch someone like oliver fail and not be able to help him. and people like oliver don't work in places like this, they work in places like that. and people like you shouldn't be working anywhere. what are you doing here, anita? i'm here because the us attorney's office requested that they be notified if mike ross ever applied to the bar. what does the us attorney's office have to do with mike? nothing. except i happen to work there. and as of one week ago, i'm also the newest member of the character and fitness committee. bullshit. there's a whole process to get on that committee. there's no way you just happened to be in the pipeline. you're right. i wasn't. but when a member takes leave, he has the right to appoint his replacement. and walter samson appointed me. you think i'm not going to find out whatever bullshit you did to get this guy to drop out? be my guest. because if mike is going before that hearing, that means you did something, too. what do you want? i want to tell you you might as well cancel this hearing and save us all a lot of time. because the vote has to be unanimous. and you are never getting my vote. see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody wanna know how it feel everybody wanna see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie i don't mind me and missy is so early busy, busy making money all right! all step back i'm 'bout to dance the greenback boogie . . . .subtitles by. . . . p krishna teja p rachel, whatever you're doing, you need to put it down and start looking for every single instance where a person was admitted to the bar and the vote wasn't unanimous. mike, what's going on? anita gibbs got herself onto the board. then what we should be doing is finding a way to get her kicked off. harvey's working on it. but in the meantime, i need to know the ins and outs of this committee. because while she's on it, she's going to use every dirty trick in the book to end this thing before it gets started. where are you going? i'm going to go hole myself up in the library and start preparing answers to every dirty question i can think of. louis, are you okay? i'm fine, donna. what can i do for you? i know you know benjamin and i have been working on a business. but i'm not sure that you know that we brought on stu as an investor. i didn't, donna. that's great. it is. but there's a problem and i need your help with it. anything. benjamin applied for a patent and it turns out that our technology overlaps with someone else's. how much overlap? . . that's over the threshold. unless benjamin can get you below . he can't. but stu says we can negotiate with whoever holds the patent, get them to give us an exclusion, and we'll still be able to move forward with the donna. donna, this is exactly what i need. what do you mean? tara and i got into a huge fight. she's deciding right now if we're going to stay together. this is exactly what i needed to take my mind off it. louis, i don't mean to sound insensitive, but this is incredibly important to me. i know you. and if this is going to make you go in there and blow this thing up, i can't have that. donna, listen to me. i may be losing the closest woman in my life. but you are the second closest. i swear that i won't do anything to harm your company. thank you. knock 'em dead. when were you going to tell me? tell you what? that the prosecutor that put mike in prison just got herself put on that panel. what? that's right. and i want to know why i heard about it from her and not you. i'll tell you why. because i didn't know. but now that i do, this thing is done. the hell it is. are you crazy? anita gibbs is a goddamn assistant us attorney. she gets one whiff of this and we are both disbarred. which is why we're going to make sure that doesn't happen by getting her kicked off that panel. and how exactly are we going to do that? we're going to start by you telling me everything there is to know about walter samson. well, then, we might as well give up right now. because walter samson is as clean as they come. no one is that clean. well, this guy is. and i didn't sign on. listen to me. you said you were in on this. and i'm telling you right now, you still are. because we moved heaven and earth to get you out of hot water, and i got no problem putting you right back in. fine. but you better be careful. because if you're looking at gibbs, she's going to be looking at us. and you coming to my lobby in the middle of the day is going to get us all caught. gentlemen, thank you for meeting with me on such short notice. our pleasure. i assume you looked through the documents i sent over and found them to your liking. on the contrary, we found them most disturbing. in particular, the fact that you used our fundamental principles and worked up from there. what? we'd never even seen your fundamental principles prior to applying for that patent. can you prove that? of course we can't prove that. it's not possible to prove a negative. words spoken by every hack who's ever copied someone else's technology and claimed it as their own. what's going on here? i came to you to negotiate an exclusion in good faith. and we're prepared to offer you. we don't care what you're prepared to offer. and we didn't bring you here to give you an exclusion. we brought you here to send a message. this is a million lawsuit against your client if they go to market. gentlemen, please. i am not saying we got here first. but it's a . overlap, and we are open to a revenue sharing arrangement. and we're not open to shit. because we were here first. listen to me. i am trying to keep my cool. we don't care if you keep your cool or not, because we've got you and there's nothing you can do about it. so you can take your offer and shove it in a drawer along with that sorry excuse for a digital secretary, because neither one of them is ever going to see the light of day. oliver. what are you doing. is it still on? is what still on? your deal. to get into the bar. oliver, listen to me. because when i asked nathan where you were, he said you were taking a couple days for personal reasons. and all of a sudden, i got this pit in my stomach that wouldn't go away. so i decided to ask you if there's a reason i got that pit or if i'm just an asshole for doubting you. you're not an asshole, oliver. god damn it, mike. you told me you didn't have to tell nathan because there was nothing to tell. and when i told you that, there wasn't. but then my deal got put back on the table. which means you could have told him this morning. but you didn't. so now i have to. oliver. hey, wait. please, hear me out. i'm not going to hear you out, mike. i was sitting here for an hour, hoping i was wrong about you. you weren't wrong about me. i care about people. i want to help the clinic, and the reason i didn't tell nathan what i did is because i'm just waiting until i can help him even more. help how? by being a shady lawyer? by being someone who wouldn't have lost sofia price her home. i cannot believe you just said that to me. i said it because it's true. and you know it. look, i am going to tell nathan everything as soon as my hearing is over. you have my word. why should i believe the word of a liar? because of what i did for those miners and the clinic. and if that's not enough, how about what i did for you? you didn't do shit for me. but fine, i won't tell nathan. just so long as when this thing's over, you go back to your corrupt corporate world. because i don't care what you tell yourself, you're never going to belong in mine. harvey, what are you still doing here? the hearing's across town in minutes. i'm not going to the hearing, donna, and neither are you. why not? because if you and i can't do what we need to, whatever mike does at that hearing isn't going to matter. give it to me. we need to figure out what walter samson's weak spot is. tell me how and i'm all in. start by contacting every person we know and asking them what they know about this asshole. because gibbs has something on him. and if i can't find out what it is, then i can't get her off that committee. where are you going? to see someone who doesn't know samson at all. before we get started, i'd like to point out these interviews are normally for us to quickly approve standard applicants to the bar. however, mr. ross is no standard applicant. therefore, we will convene for as long as it takes before ruling on his application. now. mr. chairman, if i may. last winter, mr. ross pled guilty to defrauding the citizens of new york. therefore, i propose we reject his application right now, because mr. ross is a felon and the new york bar does not accept felons. mr. chairman, with all due respect to the new board member, you do. not only does the bar accept felons, but years ago, this very committee admitted neal wiesner, a man who spent years in prison for attempted murder. now, ms. gibbs may think my crime is worse than attempted murder, but i don't think it's worth throwing away years of precedent by not even allowing me to make my case. come on, let's go. come on. come on. shit. what the hell are you doing? what does it look like i'm doing? i'm watching my money go down the toilet. well, it looks to me like i paid you to do a job and you're sitting here doing this. okay, i'll let you in on a little secret. it only takes minutes to hack someone. if you can't find something in the next , it means there's nothing to find. bullshit. there's always something to find. i'm telling you there isn't. he doesn't drink, smoke, gamble, cheat, nothing. listen to me. i paid you good money to do a job, and if you don't put some more effort into this, i'm going to spread the word that you aren't worth shit. and this time, it won't be coming from louis litt. it will be coming from me. then keep your damn money. when i tell you there's nothing to find, there's nothing to find. i guess what i'm saying is, not only do i admit what i did, but i regret it with every fiber of my being, and i'd like to apologize to my clients, my former colleagues, and finally, to the fraternity of men and women that i have wanted to be a member of since i was a child. well, that was a moving statement. i just have one question. if you regret what you did so much, why weren't you willing to serve your full sentence? i wasn't unwilling. i was offered a deal to help convict a known criminal and i took it. you were offered a deal to get out early and you took it. i protected an innocent man and. what you did was insinuate yourself into your roommate's life, gain his trust, and pretend to be his friend. true or false? you're taking it out of context. the context is you portrayed yourself as one thing, when really, you were another, which is what you did the entire time you pretended to be an attorney, and what i believe you are doing to this body right now. mr. chairman, if she's going to impugn his character while he's speaking, then he's entitled to let someone else speak for him. this isn't a trial. we don't allow character witnesses here. actually, you do. article iv, a. applicants are allowed a witness as a rebuttal for an accusation leveled by a committee member. that article hasn't been cited in years. maybe that's because no applicant has ever had to stand before the person who put them away. you make a point. we'll pick this up first thing in the morning with your witness. thank you. rachel, that was exactly what i needed. if you hadn't done that. i know. but right now, i'm more concerned with the fact that she's turning them against you. which means even after harvey kicks her off, seidel's job is going to be that much harder. and we only have one shot at having someone speak for me. mike, come on. we've got to get back to the office and start going through everyone it could be. we'll make a list of pros and cons and. rachel. i know who it is. julius. mike. what are you doing here? i was hoping that we could talk. look, i'm sorry, man. this is not a good time. i just put the baby down and the wife and i. please, it won't take long. i've got this hearing tomorrow for the character portion of the bar. i wanted to ask if you'd speak for me. you mind if i ask, why me? because you're the only one i know who's qualified to tell the board that i was a different man when i got out than when i went in. no offense, mike. but the truth is i'm not sure you are. what do you mean? i mean you said this hearing is tomorrow, but you're just now coming to me. which means something's going on. what's going on is the woman who put me away managed to get herself on the committee, and now she's slamming the door in my face. and why would she do that? julius, i'm not. mike, how did you even get a hearing? what are you talking about? i applied like everyone else. no. you're not like everyone else. you didn't go to law school. it doesn't matter. there's an exception called reading the law. you see? right there, mike. that sounds like the bullshit artist i met in prison. so you tell me right now. did you pull some shit to make this happen? damn, mike. if you can't be straight with me, this conversation ends right here. yes. i did. ah. finally, some truth in the night. julius, i work at a law clinic, but not as a lawyer. an opportunity presented itself for me to become one and i turned it down. but then, i had to sit there and watch a woman get put on the street because i couldn't help her. and i knew that i'd have to watch that happen over and over and over. so, when that opportunity presented itself for the second time, i took it. because i knew it would never come along again. you don't know that, mike. i do know that. so you can say no if you want to, but don't say i haven't changed. because the mike you met that night in prison never would have told you the truth just now. julius, please. i need this. this is the address. it's tomorrow at . i don't have anyone else. mike, hey. harvey, tell me you've got some good news. i do. i took care of seidel. he's still going to back you. i'm not talking about seidel. i'm talking about getting gibbs off that committee. it's not that simple. what's not that simple about it? i haven't found anything on him yet. harvey, i am struggling to get someone on my side. and every second that she is on that committee, she is turning people against me. i need your help. mike. i told you i'd get it done. i'll get it done. anything? no. it's the same as when you called an hour ago. if he killed somebody and hid the body, nobody knows where it is. then why don't you tell me who's next on the list? harvey, i have been at this all day. and you said we don't have much time. why don't you just bluff the guy into giving you whatever you need? because we've only got one shot at this. the more information i have, the better chance a bluff is going to work. harvey, what's going on? it isn't like you to stay in and make phone calls instead of confronting someone face to face. what if i can't do it and mike doesn't get into the bar? how can you say that? you are the best poker player i have ever seen. you can do it. i don't think you understand, donna. a bluff only works if he's dirty. what if the guy really is clean? harvey, gibbs got him off the committee. he's not clean. now, enough is enough. go do what you do. louis, you mind telling me what this is? where did you get that? that is a lawsuit against donna's new business. i know what it is. well, why haven't you told her about it yet? because she's going to think that i blew it because i was upset about tara. louis, did you go full blown you on some poor bastard and ruin donna's chance at success? gretchen, i went there in good faith to get a settlement, and i was ambushed. i swear. then you need to fix it. i can't. why not? because i cannot stop thinking about tara. we got into a huge fight. and i was such an asshole. so i went to apologize. she said she wasn't sure she could stay with me and i haven't heard from her since. so now, instead of not knowing how to fix things with one woman in my life, i don't know how to fix things with the other. louis, i was married a long time. and i'll tell you, carl and i had some doozies. tell you the truth, i wasn't always sure we were going to pull through. but we always did, because we loved each other. what if she doesn't love me anymore? it doesn't turn off like that, louis. and from where i'm standing, you're worth loving. now, do you think you can fix this thing or do you need me to get us some help? i don't need any help. i'm going to blow those guys out of the water. walter samson? yes? i saw you out there. first time playing? i'm sorry, do i know you? the question is, how do you know anita gibbs? because you gave her your seat on the character and fitness committee and the woman who prosecuted mike ross has no business being there. and who is mike ross? i get it. we're going that way, huh? he's the reason gibbs strong armed you into giving up that seat. i gave up that seat because i wanted to spend more time with my family. bullshit. she found out whatever dirty little secret you're hiding. if you don't come clean with me, i'm going to find out what it is and i'm going to squeeze harder. i don't know who you are, but it must be nice living in a world where everyone has a weak spot and is unethical. but in this case, i took a leave of absence and i replaced myself with a worthy attorney. so you can look for a pressure point all you want, but i'm sorry to inform you you're not going to find one. you want to know who i am? my name is harvey specter. and you can say you never heard of mike ross, but i know you heard of me. so maybe she didn't blackmail you. maybe she promised to do something for you. either way, i'm going to find out what it is, and you're going to wish you told me right now. you think you're showing strength, but intimidation is only weakness. and for your information, i never met anita gibbs until the day i appointed her as my replacement. when i first met mike ross, i thought he was like every other criminal i work with. an entitled fraud who spent his life cutting corners. but i'm here to tell you, he went into prison one man and he walked out another. and in my professional opinion, he has the integrity to serve his community as a lawyer. while i don't doubt your sincerity, mr. rowe, just because he was able to fool you doesn't mean he's going to be able to fool this board. it's dr. rowe. and i'm glad you were the one who responded to my statement. and why is that? because you tried to paint a false picture of his release and i'm here to set the record straight. the record is straight. and you're not qualified to talk about the deal that he made. no. we're going to hear this. thank you. it's true mr. ross entered into an early release agreement, but it's also true that he stayed in longer than he had to, to keep his cellmate safe. and while he was there, he risked his own life to prevent a violent man from falsely obtaining parole. and for all we know, he did that for self serving reasons. and for all i know, that's what you're doing right now. you're out of line. i'm not the one under examination here. neither am i. i'm a prison psychologist. and in my experience, self serving men do not risk their lives to help people. i don't call defrauding your fellow man helping people. and i certainly don't call it having integrity. with all due respect, ma'am, i'm done wasting my breath on you, because the purpose of this hearing was to determine if mike ross had reformed. but you don't seem to be interested in that, because you've already made your mind up. maybe i have. then maybe you shouldn't be on this committee, because as i said, in my professional opinion, the world could use a lawyer like mike ross. and if you're looking for my personal opinion, he has more integrity in his little finger than you have in your whole body. harvey, where have you been? i've been trying to level the playing field. that's the thing. we just did. you should have seen julius up there. i mean, if those members vote no after hearing what he had to say. it doesn't matter what he had to say. you haven't found a way to get gibbs off that committee. no. i'm sorry, mike. you don't have to be sorry, harvey. she warned us that she'd never let me get into the bar. we just didn't listen. listen to me. this vote isn't until tomorrow morning. there's still time for us to think of something. yeah, you keep trying, harvey. i've got something else i need to take care of. what's going on? gretchen said you wanted to talk to me about the patent. what are you guys doing here? i went back to them, donna. and the reason i asked stu and benjamin to be here was so that you'd know that i didn't shit the bed. are you telling me you couldn't get them to back off the lawsuit? he's telling you we won't be able to patent the donna at all. what? donna, they weren't authorized to let us partner with them. that's what i sent you over there to take care of. i know. and then they said they would fight us to the ends of the earth. sol pulled out every trick in the book and i got them to make you an offer. an offer sounds like a buy out. that's because it is a buy out. with a special provision that allows us to produce the donna for in house use. that's not good enough. donna, we're talking about a lot of money. i don't care about the money, stu. i care that louis didn't fight for me. i did fight for you, donna. i swear. they've got us dead to rights. there's nothing more i can do. bullshit. louis litt does not roll over for anybody. he didn't roll over, donna. i went over it with benjamin, and we can't get the overlap under i also ran it by my own attorney and he was shocked at what louis was able to get us. so you're telling me you want to take it. we do. but the donna wouldn't even exist without you, and we're partners. so, if you don't want to, then we won't. i'm going to need to think about it. what's that? liberty rail. i tried to give it to you once before. you wouldn't take it. you said it should come without strings. well, here it is. no strings. it's still got strings and you know it. you want me to let mike in the bar. i do. but i'm giving you this whether you do that or not. and why would you do that? because i'm hoping if i showed you i could change, maybe you'd believe he could, too. you for him. what? tomorrow morning, i'm going to ask mike if anyone knew he was a fraud while he was at pearson specter. he admits you knew, i'll let him in the bar. i do that, they'll kick me out. that's what you for him means. you said you'd do it for him once. this is your chance to put your money where your mouth is. he won't go for it. he wants to be a lawyer so bad he can taste it. you can make him go for it. just remember, you didn't like being too late last time. you're not too late this time. good. you're both here. thanks for staying. of course we stayed. your message said it was urgent. what's going on? is there a problem with the settlement? no. but i gave oliver my word that i would tell you the truth. so, i'm here to tell you the truth. the truth about what? i made a deal. a quid pro quo that we would handle the miners' case in exchange for the chance to be admitted to the bar. are you goddamn kidding me? i asked you point blank if something was going on and you lied to my face? nathan, i'm sorry. but i didn't want to tell you until there was something to tell. you weren't going to tell me until you got away with it. no. i wasn't. but as it turns out, i'm not going to get away with it. and i'm telling you anyway. you're fired. nathan, please. i don't give a shit what's about to come out of your mouth. clean out your office and never show your face around here again. wait. don't do it. did you hear what he said? he lied. not once, not twice. i don't care, because we need him. we don't need him. sofia needed him and she got me, and look what happened. yeah, nathan, that was some shady shit he pulled. but you've got to be blind if you can't see that he actually cares. and i don't remember us beating down a place like velocity data before he got here. so, if it's all the same to you, i'd like him to stay. well, it's not all the same to me, oliver. it's up to me. not to the person that kept it from me as much as mike did. he didn't keep it from you, nathan. he said that if i didn't tell you, he would. so here i am. and i know that i don't have a leg to stand on, but i'd like to stay. monday morning, you better start putting your money where your mouth is and find us another , case. louis, do you have a minute? sure, harvey. i don't know how much you know about what's going on with mike's hearing. enough to know that look on your face means it's not going well. it's not. and i may have a way to change it, but i wanted to run it by my partner first, because it may mean that i need a little time off. what do you mean, a little time off? i mean gibbs offered me a deal. mike goes on record admitting i knew he was a fraud, she'll vote to let him in the bar. are you insane? you do that, it won't be a little time off. you'll get disbarred. and by then, he'll be a lawyer, and we can argue that he said that just to appease gibbs. bullshit. you do this, two out of three names on that wall will be gone, and i won't be able to keep this firm going. and if you can't, we'll have done it for mike. zane will hire you. i don't want to go to zane's. i want to do what we said we were going to do and rebuild this place together. louis, i owe him. well, what about what you owe me? you said we were partners. we are partners, which is why i came to you with this. no. you didn't come to ask my permission, you came to tell me that you were going to do this. and what if i did? then you're not just an asshole, you're an idiot. because there's no way mike ross ever agrees to trading you for him. well, i'll make him agree. no, you won't. mike. harvey, whatever deal she's offering you, i'm not going to take it. you don't even know what it is. i don't care what it is. i'm not getting into the bar if it means getting you kicked out. mike, she wants me. she always has. no, harvey. she wants both of us. and she's not going to stop until she gets both of us. you don't know that. yes, i do. and if you don't get that, then she's got you right where she wants you. so you're just going to sit there tomorrow and let her take everything away from you? she's not taking anything away. she's keeping things exactly the way they are. you mean working for that clinic. harvey, i'm lucky to still have a job at that clinic. so tomorrow morning, i'm going to go in there with my head held high. but what i'm not going to do is let her strip you of everything that you are. harvey, he's right. let it go. whatever it is, donna. harvey, i know you're in a rough place right now. but whatever's going to happen with mike is going to happen. you've done everything you can. and i'm tired of putting my wants on hold. what is it? you know about my product with benjamin. i do. well, it turns out we have a . overlap on our software with another company's. they refused to budge, and louis said he pulled out every trick in the book to get us this. can you get it under ? no. then take the money. i don't want the money. donna. i want something more. and i've never said that out loud. but i can't pretend that's not true anymore. what do you mean, more ? i don't know. i guess i'm going to have to figure that out. good night, harvey. i'll see you tomorrow at the hearing. mr. ross, we are prepared to hear your final statement. before we do, i have one last question. mr. ross, you say you're a changed man and you care about the truth, but i want to know if you're capable of telling the truth. so i'm going to ask you a question and i suggest that you consider your answer very carefully, because as far as i'm concerned, your answer will determine whether or not you become a lawyer. during your time at pearson specter litt, did anyone there have knowledge of the fact that you were a fraud? mr. ross. did anyone else know? i knew. and if you're looking for a scalp, you can have mine. but i was under the impression that this hearing was not about my old firm, but whether or not mr. ross should be a lawyer. i say he should. it doesn't matter what you say. he's already had someone testify for him. i'm not here to talk about him. i'm here to talk about someone else. someone else has nothing to do with. i'd like to hear this. fifteen years ago, a young woman was arrested for illegally obtaining prescription drugs. turns out she had chronic pain and didn't want to drop out of med school, possibly never to return. so, she stole a couple of prescription pads from the hospital where she was interning. a crime with a mandatory sentence of seven years. but instead of throwing the book at her, the prosecuting attorney showed mercy, had the charges knocked down to a misdemeanor, recommended probation, and sealed the records. that's a touching story, but i don't see what a random attorney has to do with these proceedings. she's not talking about a random attorney. she's talking about me. but just because i showed compassion once doesn't mean he deserves it now. maybe he doesn't. but that young woman is now an er doctor. she saves lives. and the world is a better place because you saved hers. thank you, ms. pearson. mr. ross? i don't think i can add anything to that. i've made my case. i leave the choice to you. then this hearing has concluded. we will deliberate and let you know our decision by day's end. thank you. so, what do we do now? they said they would let us know by the end of the day. so we wait. well, it is the end of the day, which means. it doesn't mean anything, louis. whatever is going on in there, seidel's going to fight like hell. it's not going to make a difference. she's never going to change her mind. i think she will. what do you mean? i mean that story wasn't any old story and that woman wasn't really a woman. it was a man named joseph o'neal. and it was walter samson's godson. so she did call in a favor. yes, she did. then we need to get her kicked off that board. no, harvey. we don't. because i didn't fly all the way down here to strong arm that woman. and i know the story of the wind and the sun. what the hell are you talking about? she's talking about aesop's fable, which basically says that if you want a man to take off his coat, you don't blow it off. you make him feel warm and he'll take it off on his own. that's not a strategy, it's a prayer. louis, i already admitted that i knew about mike and i reminded her of her own compassion. that's the best we're going to do. you know they could disbar you for that. in new york, they might. in chicago, nobody's going to care. thank you, jessica. don't thank me. thank harvey. he's the one that called me. it's seidel. hello. i'll tell him. thanks for calling. you're in. oh, my god. it happened. i'm going to go get us some champagne. thank you so much. thank you for flying in. i wouldn't miss this for the world. hey. you said you had to go to the bathroom a half hour ago. but you never came back for your champagne. i know. louis, what's wrong? you never asked me how it went with tara and telling her about mike. i'm so sorry. i just got caught up with the hearing. the thing is, i. i told her. we got into a huge fight. and she said she needed to think about whether or not she could forgive me. and? she just called when harvey was giving us the news about mike. left a second voicemail. i'm afraid to listen to it. louis. she's either going to tell me that she never wants to see me again or that she wants to make up. do you want me to listen for you? no. but i'd like it if you stay with me while i do. of course. okay. what's that? i wanted to give you a present. your first year's salary in advance. welcome back. harvey, i'm running out of ways to tell you i don't want to be a corporate lawyer. before you answer, you might want to take a look at this check. you trying to bribe me? i'm trying to close you. i told you. yeah, i get it. you want to do good. well, do you really want to do good? donate half of this to the clinic. you'll fund the place for a year. oh, so that's what you think i'm all about. just giving money. no, but i think you're about more than just working at that place. and you know it. what are you talking about? i'm offering you a deal. one for you, one for me. you can save the spotted owls, stop global warming, and help as many damsels in distress as you'd like. and the good news is you'll be doing it from here. what makes you think i'd take you up on that? because here's the thing, mike. you want to be here and you know it. that's not true. uh uh. i saw the look on your face when you strong armed palmer and you took on seidel and every other talented attorney you've beaten over the years. and i've told you this once before. this is the major leagues. you don't get this feeling anywhere else. and i'm offering you the best of both. why are you giving me a peace sign? double it. what? i don't want to just fund the clinic for a year. i want to fund it for two. and while we're at it, i want some leftover for a little something nice for me and the wife to be. that's all it's going to take. oh, not even close. i wouldn't have it any other way. any case i want to bring the clinic onto, i can. done. anyone i want to bring over from the clinic, i can. louis doesn't get a say, you don't get a say, no harvard rule. done. and there's one more thing, and you are not going to like it. you are not getting my office. oh, yes, i am. and i will tell you why. why? because she's gone, harvey. and she's not coming back. it's time for you to take the reins. . . . .subtitles by. . . 