 he did. you begged me for a second chance. and now, he's using you to destroy us. you waltzed in here thinking this was gonna be like some prison movie. well, it's not. it's just prison. welcome to danbury. mike ross. frank gallo. we're being sued for every case mike ross has ever touched. you won't admit this whole thing is your fault in the first place. my fault? if i hadn't brought mike in, you'd still be here sniveling around like a goddamn junior partner. your fianc e. you want to call her? mike maybe i'll just send rachel a text. we need to move the money that we have in every account by tomorrow. we don't need to move it. we can use their buy ins to settle the class action lawsuits. all right, let's go. i'm in the right cell. i'm in the one you gave me. yeah, but this isn't the one they gave me. you said you could have turned on a guy to get out of here but you didn't because you owe him. well, i owe that son of a bitch, too. you son of a bitch. take it easy, mike. you remember i know about you. and i've got your little girlfriend's number right here. kevin you keep watching that clock, it's gonna be a long two years. believe it or not, i've been where you are right now. you've been thinking how to get back at that son of a bitch all night. spit in his oatmeal. shit on his pillow. whatever it is, my advice to you is don't do it. i don't need any advice from you. excuse me? you're the one that left me alone with that psychopath in the first place. now i get why you haven't said a word to me since last night. how the hell did you think i'd react after something like that? hey, listen, man. i don't have anything against you, but i sure as hell don't have anything for you. and i'm not gonna cause trouble with a guy like that for someone i've never even met. so, if he wants me to switch for a few hours, i'm switching. to hell with what happens to me, right? hey, i didn't say that. no, you just did it. donna, what are you doing here? i come bearing gifts. that's really nice. but you don't have to come over here to check on me. i'm fine. says the girl in her fianc e's shirt. look, i know it's cheesy. rachel, you wanted to feel him next to you. it's not cheesy. thanks, donna. well, you do owe me a thank you, but it's not for that. because in a couple of hours, it's gonna be more than his shirt wrapped around you. are you saying that you got me on the visitors' list? because they said that if i'm not family. i don't care what they said. you're his family. and you're my family, and i wasn't gonna sleep last night until i got you on that list. i. i don't know what to say. say, thank you, donna, and get your ass up there. what you got in your hand there, tiger? dark roast, splash of cream, no sugar. and to what do i owe the honor? i was thinking this morning about the day you picked me out of the mailroom and how far we've come. you know, it's funny, i was thinking this morning about how far we've fallen. well, let's go put these lawsuits to bed. excuse me. officer? i know the phones don't open until , but i was wondering if it's possible for me to make a phone call? officer get back in line and eat your breakfast. please. the only reason i'm asking is because it's an emergency. what, you on fire? your leg broken? because it looks to me like you're trying to call someone out there about something that happened in here. you don't understand, all right? my fianc e. no, you don't understand! unless there's a bomb headed for us, nothing that happens out there has anything to do with what happens in here. you got that? yeah, i got it. hey. you left in such a hurry last night, didn't get a chance to say goodbye. well, i'll say it now. have a nice life and leave me alone. don't you want to see a copy of the pictures your fianc e sent me last night? that's bullshit. she didn't send you anything. you're right, she didn't. she sent them to you. i mean, you're the one who started it all, telling her how much you missed her. how hard do you think it was for me to get her to send a sexy picture to you after that? i think the kids today call it a selfie. there's no way she sent you a picture like that. you're right, it wasn't sexy. but what i did, i photoshopped her face onto a body that is. i did such a good job, no one in here is ever going to notice. yeah. i made copies, one for each guy in the joint. usually, situation like this, i would charge a fortune, but today, i'm feeling so generous, i'm gonna give them away for free. officer hey, get off him, gallo! what? i didn't do shit! he attacked me! that is bullshit! i tried to tell you that's the guy! i don't care what you tried to do. you wanted an emergency, now you got it. get them both out of here. what? see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody want to know how it feel everybody want to see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie i don't mind me and missy is so early busy, busy making money all right! all step back i'm 'bout to dance the greenback boogie . . . .subtitles by. . . . p krishna teja p greeter good morning, miss pearson, mr. specter. can i offer either of you a hot towel? miss, would you mind telling me who hired you? i think we both know who hired her. what the hell are you doing? i'm making copies. god damn it. we don't bill you out at . an hour to make copies! now, get your ass back to work. that motion isn't going to file itself! louis, what the hell did you do? what? what are you talking about? jessica we don't have the money to hire associates, paralegals and support staff. i know that. i'm not an idiot. they're not support staff. who the hell are they? they're movie extras. how much weed did you smoke last night? we have a settlement meeting in an hour. and if these offices are empty when they walk in, we are going to look like shit. louis? did it occur to you that we're using the threat of bankruptcy in that meeting and if these offices are filled, it kills that plan? everybody drop whatever the hell it is you're doing and hand your time cards in to my secretary. and if they are marked one second late, i swear to god, you will never be fake associates in this town again. next. hi. inmate's name? mike ross. i'm here for visitation. it appears mr. ross is not receiving visitors today. i. i don't understand. i was told that i was on the approved visitors' list. it says visitation has been suspended for two weeks because of an altercation he had this morning. no. that can't be right. he just got here yesterday. it can be right and it is right. well, then, i need to see him right away. and i just told you, you can't do that. yes, i can, because not only am i his fianc e, i'm also his lawyer. it says here a harvey specter is his lawyer. and he works at pearson specter litt and so do i. this card says paralegal. i don't care what it says. you don't let me in there and something's wrong with him, i will make it my life's purpose to make your life a living hell. ma'am, i've worked maximum security for years. so, if you think i'm gonna be intimidated by the likes of you, you've got another thing coming. you know, usually, it takes prisoners a couple of weeks to get their first violation. you've been here less than hours. that might just be a record. yeah, i don't care. i need to make a phone call? you're not making anything after what you just did. i didn't do anything! he set me up. i don't care what he did. so, all that stuff about you helping me become a better version of myself, that was bullshit? no, it wasn't. then what exactly did you mean? because if you won't even hear my side of the story, then how are you going to help me? all right. what do you mean he set you up? i mean, he paid off a guard, then he posed as my roommate and the next thing i know, he was about to hand out pictures of my fianc e to every inmate in this entire prison. there's no evidence of any pictures. but they were all over the floor. this is what was all over the floor. listen to me. there might not be any proof, but i am telling you that he paid off a guard and you need to do something about it. brother, i don't have any authority over the guards. then what exactly am i doing here? you're learning how to deal with the bullshit life throws your way without making your situation worse. and how the hell am i supposed to do that? this isn't just a tea party. the purpose of this meeting is to decide if you're worth rehabilitating or not. and if i am? then i get you a job. and if i'm not? then you never see me again. and the next time you have an incident, you will go to solitary confinement for a month. so i suggest you go back to your cell and you think long and hard about what you want to accomplish during your time here. i have to say, i'm glad you've decided to settle rather than fight these suits. well, as you can see, things are a little tight around here, so you have us at a disadvantage. what i have is the fact that you don't want to be talking about having hired a fraud in court for the next six months. no, we don't. so. with all due respect, this isn't an offer, it's a typo. louis and with all due respect, this isn't a lawsuit, it's a shakedown. arlene bullshit. this is a chance for you to wipe the slate clean with the clients you defrauded. and million is a hell of a goddamn wipe. it's cents on the dollar. and if you don't take it, it's gonna be zero cents on the dollar. arlene what the hell are you talking about? this money is from our partner buy in fund. it's the only cash we have. and once the partners find out that we're using it to settle, they're gonna come after it. so, you have about an hour to sign on the dotted line or that money is gone forever. so take a look around, arlene. 'cause once it's gone, there isn't any more left. you knowingly defrauded your own clients. you made a mockery of the legal system, and i won't let you get away with it. you want to know something, arlene? we did something wrong and now we're paying for it. but i'm getting a little sick and tired of people acting like mike ross screwed them over. he gave his heart and soul to every client he ever had. and if those cases were reopened, they would end up exactly in the same place. so, you can sign that deal or not, but i'm not gonna spend another second dealing with a parasite like you. donna, where's harvey? i need to talk to him. he's finishing up a negotiation. this can't wait. why, what's going on? i got up there and they turned me away. no, that can't be. i got you on that list. that's not it. they turned me away because he got into a fight. what? with who? i don't know. all i know is that i went to go and see him, they said he got into a fight, and then they wouldn't let me in. good. how is that good? because if they wouldn't let you in, it means he fought back. you don't lose visitation if you just got jumped. harvey, i don't care if he fought back or not. it doesn't mean that he's okay. rachel, listen to me. they have an obligation to tell you if he's in the infirmary. did they tell you he was in the infirmary? no. okay. then this is what i'm gonna do. i'm gonna call up there and get to the bottom of this. but it might take a while, so i need you to be patient. okay. donna, cancel my afternoon and have ray meet me downstairs in five minutes. i thought you said you weren't worried about mike. i only said that so that she wouldn't worry. they only take visitation away if you're the one who starts the fight. which means something goddamn happened down there and i'm gonna figure out what it is. gretchen, what can i do for you? well, i thought since everyone was gone, maybe i could help myself to the executive kitchen for a change? for a change ? i wanted to let you know that i had no idea those people were leaving or i never would have gone to that appointment. i know, gretchen. i would also like to point out that since they did leave, between me, you and rachel zane, this firm just got a whole lot blacker. well, as far as i'm concerned, that has nothing to do with anything. gretchen, as long as you're here. you want to know if i can handle the reception desk and louis at the same time. how did you know i was going to ask you that? because that's what good secretaries do. sure as shit is. well, there's one thing about everybody being gone. when would the three of us ever find ourselves in here just shooting the shit? and when would you have thought that was a good thing? this one is a keeper. i know. oh, and for the record, i'm black in here. what are you doing here? what do you mean, what am i doing here? i want to know what's going on. what's going on ? nothing's going on. i'm in prison. if nothing's going on, then why do you look like that? it's none of your business. well, i'm making it my business because rachel came to visit you this morning and they told her you got in a fight. yeah? well, why don't you do what you always do and make up some bullshit and tell her it's not true? because i'm busy trying to survive in here. why won't you tell me? because you'd try and handle it for me. well, maybe i should be handling it for you because you're too stupid not to piss someone off on the first day. okay, harvey, you want to know what happened? it wasn't me who pissed him off, it was you. what are you talking about? frank gallo. holy shit. what's he doing in here? i don't know. i was hoping you'd tell me that. i put him away for racketeering. okay, that doesn't make any sense. the last time i checked, that doesn't land him in here. you're right. a guy like gallo only lands in here for one reason. good behavior. why are you saying that like it's a good thing? because bad behavior can get him out. where are you going? i'm gonna go to the warden. tell him the whole story. we'll get him out of here within the week. that's exactly why i did not want to tell you. look, these guards are corrupt. you go to the warden, it gets back to gallo, he's gonna come after me twice as hard. it's one week instead of two years! look, we've got a chance to get him out of here, i'm gonna take it. he's got rachel's phone number. yeah, that's all the more reason to do it. god damn it! harvey! you pushed me to beat the shit out of you so that you'd know i could take care of myself in here. now, are you going to let me do that or are you gonna cut my legs out from under me? i'll stay out of it. i want your word. i won't go to the warden. gallo hey. i was wondering when you'd show up. don't act like you don't remember me, harvey. we both know why you're here. i don't know what you're talking about. i'm here because i represent the prison. bullshit. i pulled the string and you came. you think it's a coincidence i'm standing here while you're walking out? okay, gallo. you got my attention. you want me to step inside or you want to come out here? we both know that's not possible. you owe me years. i'm gonna collect. i didn't do anything to you that that investigator didn't start and you know it. well, if his little boyfriend ever shows up in here, i'll be sure to take it up with him. what do you want, gallo? i already have what i want. which is knowing that every time your phone rings, you're gonna ask yourself is this the call where you find out that the guy who's in here for you is never coming out? listen to me, you son of a bitch. you think i can't hurt you in here? i'll put a goddamn bounty on your head. i'll pay them whatever it takes to break your legs. and if that doesn't work, i'll wait till you get out and i'll kill you myself. so, unless you want that to happen, don't you ever even look at mike ross again. ring ring, counselor. ring ring. i knew i'd find you here, because this is where you come when you think you just beat somebody. what can i do for you, jack? you can tell me you used your own money to settle that lawsuit. because if you didn't, we're gonna have a problem. then i'd say we have a problem. god damn it. you used the buy in fund. yes, we did. then i guess i'll see you in court. you're suing me personally? it's your name on the door. well, jack, i know corporate structures were never your strong suit, so i'm gonna explain something to you. we may use the word partnership, but this is an llc. and no judge in the world is going to let you pierce that corporate veil. they will, once they learn you knowingly hired a fraud. no one has nothing to do with the other. and if you really did find a judge who would do that, then you'd be here with an army of lawyers and a brinks truck instead of standing alone with a flimsy piece of paper in your sweaty little hand. you can talk tough all you want, jessica. the fact is, i do have an army of lawyers and you don't. what are you talking about? i took that job with robert zane after all. and i'm willing to drag this fight out. so, the choice is yours. give us our money or go out of business. kevin can i talk to you for a second? about what? listen, a man's cell should be the one place he can feel safe. i took that away from you and i'm sorry. yeah? well, sorry doesn't do shit for me in here. i know. that's why i wanna make it up to you. are you kidding me? that's exactly what got me in this situation in the first place. i. i know that. but i also know you wanted to call whoever you wanted to call this morning. and i'm trying to make it up to you. yeah, well, this doesn't do that. hey, look, i could get in a lot of trouble for just letting you know i have this. why don't you do something else that could get you into trouble? what are you talking about? tell them that gallo paid the guards to have you switch. i can't do that. yeah, because you're afraid of him. you're damn straight i am. and on top of that, i'd make a permanent enemy of everyone else in here. because the worst thing you could be known for, my man, is as someone who would do something like that. which means i get to deal with this all by myself. it's all right, you can stay. no, it doesn't matter if he stays or goes. i've got nothing to say to you. gallo that's okay, 'cause i've got something to say to you. you wanna know what my favorite time of day is in here? it's right now. they got the tv going, guys are sitting around playing cards, telling jokes. you almost forget you're in prison, which is why i came over here, 'cause i wanna make sure you never forget. there's gonna come a time when this place isn't filled with people, and you and i are alone. then all those vicious threats your boy, harvey specter, made to me today aren't gonna save you. i heard today was a good day for rand kaldor zane. if this is about me hiring jack soloff's department, i didn't do it to stick it to you. they were leaving anyway. maybe. but if your first move is to have them come after their partner money, then i must have been wrong that we were on good terms. jessica, i accepted your apology. i wouldn't say that makes us on good terms. but i had nothing to do with him coming after your money. that's between you and him. but you do have the power to stop it. and i am not in the habit of telling my brand new employees what they can and can't do. well, i need you to do it, anyway. jessica. robert? i need this. and i know it's not your style to tell your partners what to do. but if you don't make it your style. i'm dead in the water. this is harvey specter. operator you have a call from danbury federal prison. do you accept the charges? yes. i do not understand your response. yes. please respond. god damn it. .yes or no. yes! mike hello? oh, mike, thank god. thank god, what? you looked me in the eye and you said you would stay out of it. you couldn't even make it to the parking lot without threatening gallo? mike, listen to me. no, what, so you can lie to me again? or are you gonna tell me you didn't do that? look, i didn't do it because i didn't think you could handle yourself. i did it because he got under my skin. i don't give a shit why you did it. you swore you wouldn't, and instead, you made things worse. harvey, if i can't even trust you, then i do not stand a chance in here. i can't talk right now. what do you mean you can't talk to me? rachel's in my office looking at me right now and she's gonna think something's wrong in five seconds. so, unless you've changed your mind about me not telling her, i've got to go. harvey, you've got to get the phone from her. sure, rick, no problem. harvey, get the phone from her. sounds great. first round's on you. rachel, good, you're here. i was just gonna come see you. i didn't hear from you, so, i just figured. he's good. there was an error in the paperwork. it was a different inmate, same last name. okay. so, i can see him tomorrow. actually, he asked that you give him a little time. what? rachel, prison is a big adjustment. he'll be ready in about two weeks. so, then, why do i have about texts from him saying that he can't wait to see me? what? harvey, what's going on? give me the phone. no. i said give me the phone. i'm not giving you anything until you tell me what's going on. those texts aren't from mike. then who are they from? from a guy i put away when i was an ada. oh, my god. rachel, don't let your imagination run wild. it's gonna be okay. you don't know that because you're not in there! you're right, i'm not. so, then what the hell are you gonna do about it? i'm gonna do what i promised mike. i'm gonna have faith that he can handle it. i don't believe this. you're not gonna do anything. you think i don't wanna bust him out of there right now? look, if i try and do something and it doesn't work, it makes it worse for him. is he violent? rachel. is he violent? i made him a promise. i don't give a shit! he's in there to protect you, so, you better figure out a way to protect him, because god damn it, harvey, if something happens to him in there and you didn't do anything, i will never forgive you. donna harvey, i know you don't need me to tell you this, but she's right. because if something actually does happen to mike, even if she forgives you, you're never gonna forgive yourself. what do you want, harvey? five minutes of your time, that's all. five minutes to catch up or five minutes to ask a favor? five minutes to help me protect mike ross. protect him how? because last time i checked, he was in the bosom of the federal penitentiary system. sean, he's in there with a guy i put away and the guy is no joke. i'm sorry to hear that, harvey, but what am i supposed to do? you're supposed to move the guy to another prison. i don't have the authority to do that and you know that. you can get the authority. you're a federal prosecutor! then why the hell don't you go after the prosecutor that put mike away in the first place? 'cause she doesn't owe me and you do. you've got a lot of balls saying that to me when the entire time we were working together, you knew the kid was a fraud. that kid helped you take down charles forstman and eric woodall, and put you on the map. the map ? bullshit! i was on the map long before i met either of you. you're gonna tell me you haven't shot up the ranks since that conviction? you know, harvey, when you first walked in here, for a second, i actually thought you were gonna apologize for lying to me all that time. i don't need your forgiveness, sean. i need your help. all right, i'll see what i can do. but harvey, now you owe me one. jack, i've had a long day. what are you doing here? you know what i'm doing here. you went to robert zane and you had him shut us down. i did what i had to do. now, if you'll excuse me. all i wanted was my money back. well, the sooner you get used to the fact that it's gone, the sooner we can both move on with our lives. that's the problem. i can't move on with my life. what are you talking about? i can't afford zane's buy in. what? how is that possible? jessica, listen to me. you know what i did that hardman found out about, but what you don't know is why i did it. i needed the money. and now you want me to give you your money back out of my own pocket? jessica, please. this is a chance for me to have a new start. even if i wanted to, i can't do that. why not? you know why not. i pay you out of my own pocket, i'm piercing that corporate veil myself. and if the partners find out, it will cost me millions. they won't find out. well, i can't take that chance. jessica, i need this. i'm sorry, jack. i can't help you. morning. what? you know what. do i have something in my teeth? no, but you got some bullshit in your brain. excuse me? black in here. please. you're the whitest woman i ever met. oh. is that a fact? tell me something different. how about i show you something different? is that. yep. you gotta be kidding me. nope. what year was that? ' . how long were you together? seven months. take that, mrs. hater. before his last album or after? who do you think that song was about? shit! black in here. she's black all over. i'm glad we came to an agreement. and it's usually not my habit to court a dalliance with opposing counsel, but i couldn't help but notice you don't have a ring on your finger. not in a million years, mr. litt. go back to your own side. well. a man puts himself out there, the least you can do is. judge howard regarding the class action against pearson specter litt, do both parties agree to the terms of the settlement? we do, your honor. we do as well, your honor. then unless there are any objections, i see no reason for this court not to ratify. elliott i have an objection, your honor. louis what? judge howard and you are? his name is a. elliott stemple, your honor, and he has no standing in this case. mr. litt. elliott i have no standing, your honor. but i represent rothman insurance, a company not included in the class of clients misrepresented by a firm that knowingly hired a fraud. there's not one shred of proof we knowingly did anything. but there is proof that you employed a fraud, which is why you're settling with miss rosen in the first place. are you in on this? are you kidding me? all right, mr. stemple. submit your evidence. the court will rule on it tomorrow. we may have agreed to cents on the dollar, but if this goes south, we're coming after you for every penny you've got. you little son of a bitch. watch it, litt. we're in a court of law. i don't care where we are. jack soloff put you up to this and i know it. so what? so, i'm gonna prove it. and when the judge realizes what you did, he's gonna throw your ass in jail. really? huh. because the way i see it, the judge is gonna certify that my client is a member of this class because they are one, whether jack tipped me off to them or not. and when that happens, i kill the deal and your money goes back to the partners that you took it from. so, why don't you march your fat feet back to the only two lawyers left at that miserable little firm and decide just how deep you're gonna reach into your own pockets to pay me off? because as i see it. .you have about hours until you lose everything. what do you want now, harvey? i wanted to apologize for what happened with gallo. it was wrong, it shouldn't have happened, and i'm sorry. but? but i don't care what i promised you, because i found a way to get him out of here and i'm gonna take it. i told you, you go to the warden. i'm not going to the warden. i went to sean cahill, which means gallo won't know about it until they're putting shackles on him to take him back to wherever the hell he came from. what are you not telling me? i put him away for racketeering, but that's not what he really did. what are you talking about? we had him for conspiracy to commit murder. and the police let the tape of that bastard admitting that he did it out of the chain of custody for minutes. so, you went after him for racketeering instead. i used every trick i had to put him away for years for three crimes that would have added to five years at the most. and that's why he hates you so much. it's also why i need you to lay low until i can get him out of here. i can appreciate that, harvey, but i can't exactly hide in my cell hours a day. then i suggest you do the complete opposite. you know, i don't normally take walk ins. i'm sorry. well, as long as you're here. i thought about it and i'd like a job. and if it's not too much trouble, i'd like it to be in front of as many people as possible. why is that? it'll be easier for me to stay out of trouble in a crowd. good. because i got you a job in the kitchen. thank you. don't thank me, thank yourself. if you hadn't come in to see me, i never would have told you about it. is that true? you don't really take walk ins? nah. just something to say. the billing records are right there. mike was at the meeting. shit. you're right. he's got us. louis you know what this means? jessica i do. louis, i just got your message. what's going on? harvey, we've got a problem and you're not gonna like it. elliott stemple showed up in court with an excluded member of the class. elliott stemple? are you kidding me? he ambushed me, harvey. the judge was about to ratify the settlement when he comes out of nowhere. what was i supposed to do? you prove his client isn't part of the class and you shut this thing down. i can't do that because his client is a part of the class. what? that's not possible. yes, it is. mike took one meeting with rothman insurance. jack soloff told stemple about it. no way. jessica it's all right here, harvey. and if we don't pay him off tonight, he kills that deal tomorrow and we're out of business minutes later. bullshit. that's blackmail. i'm not giving in to blackmail. come on. you think i wanna do this? he's got us by the balls, harvey. if we don't pay him, what was everything we went through the other night even for? which means right now, we just have to figure out how much we're willing to pay. no, we don't. harvey, what are you saying? i'm saying stemple doesn't care about you two. he just wants to get in a room with me and see me bleed. you are not paying that man out of your own pocket. yes, i am. harvey, jessica's right. no, she's not. we all know i got us into this mess. it's time for me to get us out of it. all right. you want him, you got him. but you're gonna be tempted to rip that man's head off, and when that happens, you're not going to do that. you're going to pay him. and then, you're gonna throw his sorry ass out of here. harvey, do you have a minute? if it's quick. someone's on their way over. i want to apologize to you about earlier. you don't need to do that. yes, i do. i know that you're doing what you feel is best. i just. i didn't think this was gonna be as hard as it is. for me, too. and for what it's worth, i took your advice. i'm gonna get that guy out of there. thank you. rachel. he's gonna be okay. aren't you getting a little long in the tooth for that hottie i just saw in the hall? let's get to it, stemple, because i'm not in the mood. how much? how much what? how much to let me have my firm? do you mean to imply that i'm simply here on a mission to extort you? oh, we both know you're here to get my money so you can split it with jack soloff. i resent that you think so little of me. you're saying that's not why you're here? i'm saying i don't give a shit about your money or jack soloff. i want a piece of you. get your goddamn hands off that. harvey, harvey, harvey. relax. i didn't come here to put my gentle hands on your precious balls. i came here to take something far more valuable, 'cause what i want is that piece of shit duck painting. what? that right there. i was right! if that didn't mean something to you, you would've jumped right out of your chair and said okay, to me. stemple, listen. not to mention you've had that thing as long as i've known you and there's no way a guy like you has a painting like that unless it means everything to him. how much money, stemple? because you are not getting that painting! million. elliott! million. god damn it! million. do you wanna keep going or have you had enough? because in seconds, i am walking out of here with million or that thing in my hands, or tomorrow morning, i am putting your firm in the ground. take the painting. hey. hey. i know you don't trust me, but look who's headed this way. on top of that, people are leaving. you should leave, too. no. that's what he wants. he wants me to go somewhere where those guards don't have a view of me. and for all i know, he sent you to help him. you don't know what you're talking about. leave me alone! hey, there, mike. what you reading, outliers? i don't know what you think is gonna happen here, frank, but i'm not gonna let you trick me into leaving this room. i don't need to trick you. this room will do just fine. oh, yeah? why don't you tell that to the two guards sitting behind me? you mean the ones who let me into your cell? they took a little cigarette break, mike. wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. so, that's it? you're gonna let these guys kill me? who said anything about killing you? we're just gonna hurt you a little. or a lot. no, no, no, no, no. what i meant was, are you really too much of a pussy to take me on by yourself? you think they won't come at you just because you called me out? oh, no, i think that men respond to leaders. and if you're too afraid to take on a guy like me, you're not gonna be a leader for much longer. okay, tough guy. you want me one on one, you got it. one little thing. i'm gonna use this and they're gonna hold you. no. no. no! hey, what's going on here? huh, what? nothing. you have the same story? yeah. yeah, nothing's going on here. then why don't you three get away from him and go to your cells? and i don't wanna see you back in here for the rest of the night. i just saw stemple walking out of here with a canvas that looks about the same size as that empty space on your wall. he won't be back. so, it's done? it's done. harvey. i remember you told me that painting was the one happy memory you had of your mother before. like i said, jessica, i was the one who got us into this mess. i'm the one who needed to get us out of it. louis well? it's done. thank god. so? you wanna go get harvey, have a drink and celebrate? harvey needs to be alone right now, louis. how about you and me? i would, but there's something i need to take care of. i understand. louis. you had the right idea, but the wrong execution. what do you mean? i mean, if we're going to look like a real firm, then starting tomorrow, we need to do something about subletting these offices. i'll take care of it. can i ask you something? sure. why did you come back with the guard? now gallo knows it was you. no, he would have found out it was me, anyway. but i might not have. i didn't do it to get you to forgive me. i did it because i never should have let him in here in the first place. what? i just realized that i don't even know your name. kevin. kevin miller. mike ross. thank you, kevin. officer lights out, gentlemen. robert, can i talk to you for a second? yeah, what do you need? i just found out i'm not gonna be able to buy in as a partner. what? i don't have the money, and i was wondering. i don't need a year old associate, jack. i know that. if you could just let me pay it off out of my salary. you know as well as i do, if i let you do that, i might as well waive the buy in for everyone. please, robert. why can't you get a loan for it? jessica he can. but it's gonna be a little complicated. because i'm actually loaning you this money. and you're gonna loan it to him, and if nobody ever repays anybody, nobody's gonna give a shit. why are you doing this, jessica? because i'm the one that got you into this mess. i should be the one to get you out. thank you. the truth is, jack, the older i get, the more i'd rather have friends out there than enemies. . . . .subtitles by. . . 