 i thought you liked the idea. that was before i realized that it was nothing but sassy remarks. i thought you wanted our baby to have a relationship with its biological father. if you're going to get this worked up, it makes me think i don't really know you. what if i could make it more like you? i might be able to give it the ability to learn from your heart. you really think we could do that? we can try. rachel zane deserves to be in the bar. you're not only gonna stop blocking her, you're going to run interference for her if someone else does. and in return, you'll do what i want. no. but i'll do what you want for something else. we need to come up with a lawsuit against velocity data solutions. no. what do you mean, no? fabricating a lawsuit to manipulate a stock is illegal. it's not illegal if we find a legitimate suit. so, let's finish the job and get you back to being a lawyer. tenants are required to be notified of all construction by certified letter. is this a certified letter or not? objection. your honor, this is the fraudulent attorney. open your mouth in my courtroom again and you will be removed. mr. grady, do you have an objection or not? i don't. then the court has no choice but to dismiss this case with prejudice. the guy holding up your interview was trying to get us to do something because he thought he could. are you going to? yes. he is. are you saying what i think you're saying? i'm in. okay, rachel's gone. i don't want any bullshit. you're telling me that no matter what we do, rachel's getting into the bar. what i'm telling you is if she doesn't get in, that asshole isn't going to be the one that stopped her. okay, i'm in. what do we have to do? i told you what we need to do. we need to make a dent in velocity data's stock. harvey, that's no joke. you realize how much we're going to have to sue them for to make their earnings take a hit? you're damn right i do. they're a huge company, which means it's got to be something huge. i don't even know if that matters. no matter what we sue them for, they're just going to want to settle. i know that. which means we need to insist on an admission of guilt. i get it. you want me to run this whole thing through the clinic. it's the only way to make it look legitimate. harvey. i don't know if i can convince nathan to do that. well, you better. because if anyone figures out that we're doing this for personal gain, your chance of getting into the bar is gone. wait, you were captain of the glee club? the official title is lieutenant colonel, but that's cool you didn't know that. mmm hmm. oh, my god. you still had braces at ? actually, i had them again at . wow. between this, your nasal passages, the skin tag epidemic and the foot surgeries, you've really had a lot of medical procedures. tara, i know what you must be thinking. and i swear, i will not pass any of my maladies onto our child. louis, i wasn't thinking that. but, you do understand that biologically this isn't your child. of course i do. okay. but i was thinking we would have at least one child of our own. at least? at least. you were right, louis. getting to know each other is fun. good, you're here. i need your help. is this about the worker comp case from flushing? no. this is about velocity data solutions. what about them? they're a dirty company. they've been getting away with shit for years. i could never go after them when i worked at pearson specter because we were always on the other side of these things. but i can go after them now. mike, if this is going to require me going to court, i. it's not. look, oliver, i know what happened the other day. but you don't have to be a trial lawyer to be a great lawyer. what are you saying? i'm saying that you have skills that other lawyers don't have, and i'm going to put those skills to use right now. what do you need? you see those boxes? that's every case that velocity has settled in the last years where the names of the plaintiffs have been sealed. we need to figure out who those people are, what they got paid not to say, and then we need to get every damn one of them to come forward. mike, what did these guys do to you? they didn't do anything to me, oliver. i just don't like it when people think they can get away with anything just because nobody is watching. that was fast. what was fast? well, i assume you're here to tell me you filed suit against velocity. what i'm here to tell you, craig, is mike ross is going to handle velocity. then we have a problem. 'cause i didn't cut a deal with mike ross, i cut a deal with you. and there's a reason you're an in house counsel and i'm not. what are you talking about? once we drop whatever bomb we're going to drop, they're going to want to settle without an admission of guilt. and everyone knows settling is what i do. so, mike ross is going to take this to court? he's not even a goddamn lawyer. welcome to the conversation, craig. that's what i'm here to talk about. you're going to make mike's hearing official. i can't do that. it's too soon. bullshit. you think i don't know you only said yes about mike to get me to help you? of course that's why i said yes. and the hardest thing about getting him into the bar is getting him a hearing when he hasn't even gone to law school. which is why you're going to sponsor him based on his years of work at pearson specter. you're talking about reading the law. you're damn right i am. there's precedent and you know it. listen to me. i can influence the vote, but i cannot sponsor someone i'm going to be voting on. then find someone who will. because if you don't get him a hearing in the next week, this thing is off. and one more thing, craig, you and i won't be talking again. because in case you haven't figured it out yet, this is a hell of a lot more serious than cheating on your wife. see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody wanna know how it feel everybody wanna see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie i don't mind me and missy is so early busy, busy making money all right! all step back i'm 'bout to dance the greenback boogie . . . .subtitles by. . . . p krishna teja p harvey, what are you doing in here? what do you mean? it's an executive kitchen, i'm an executive. yeah, but you're a bagel guy. this place is like croissant central. then maybe i came in here hoping to spend some quality time with you. are you saying you want to hear about my night with tara? of course i do. right after we make friendship bracelets and braid each other's hair. for your information, it was a magical evening. but actually, i'm here to talk about business. what business? couture apparel. jessica and i always gave their ceo an annual analysis of their legal needs for the upcoming year. and now that she's gone, you want us to do it. exactly. sounds like a dog and pony show. it is more than that, harvey. it is a show of force. for one day, carly donahue needs to feel like the most important client in the portfolio. and having one partner go by himself doesn't send that message. louis, relax. i'm happy to do it. you are? of course i am. i told you. we're partners. you know, harvey, i always dreamed it could be like this. partners, confidantes, friends. i had the exact same dream, louis. really? no, not really. does that mean you're never going to go mudding with me? yes, louis, that's what it means. i'll give donna the details on that meeting. hey. i hope you got a hammer, 'cause i just brought you some nails. you found something. yeah, i did. i already found six cases we can use, and that's just the tip of the iceberg. so, let's grab our coats and go kick velocity's ass up and down the street. easy, tyson, you have to tell me what kind of suits these are first. they're mining suits, which means health problems or corporate negligence. either way, the damages could be through the roof. oliver, this is great. i know. and if you asked me to make an argument about it in court, i'd probably shit the bed. but, mike, i'm telling you, there's something here. and i'm telling you, maybe one day you'll overcome your court stuff, maybe you won't. either way, this proves that you're a hell of a lawyer. thanks, mike. i've got to admit, it feels pretty good to know i can do what i just did. then why don't you start drafting a suit? 'cause after i get these people on board, that's exactly what we're going to have to do. donna, you're never going to believe what louis just asked me. give me three guesses. he wants to be you, he wants to look like you, he wants to wear your skin as a body suit. okay. did you just talk without saying anything? what's the big deal? you do it all the time. good one, donna. you're on fire today. okay, what the hell is going on here? oh, you mean the donna? it's just a little product that benjamin and i have been working on. it doesn't have my emotional intelligence yet, but i thought i'd have a little fun with it in the meantime. do you have your emotional intelligence yet? when it can top that, you might have something. loser. okay. which one of you said that? she did. she did. sorry, buddy. grill's shut down. we don't open again till . that's okay. i'm not here for a cheeseburger. i'm here to talk about hazelton mining company. what about it? you filed a complaint alleging life threatening health problems resulting from work. that complaint mysteriously went away and i want to help you get the compensation that you deserve. i don't need any help from an ambulance chaser. i'm not an ambulance chaser, mr. stamos. my name is mike ross. i work at a clinic and our commissions are capped at , . so, we are not in this for the money. then what are you in it for? let's just say velocity is bad news. well, i'd like to help. but, even if i wanted to sue those bastards, i can't. i know. you took a payout and you signed a non disclosure agreement. that's got nothing to do with it. they made us all sign those things. if any one of us breaks it, it negates them all. then negate them all. that's easy for you to say. i'm dying of something with a name so long, i can't even tell you what it is. and you're talking about your fee being capped at more money than they paid me. listen to me. if that's really all they paid you and you really are dying, we can shatter those ndas in about five seconds. you don't understand. i was their supervisor, mr. ross. i was responsible for all those guys that got sick. and i'm the one that got us the money that went with those ndas. and let me guess. ever since you signed them, you haven't had a good night's sleep. tell me i'm wrong, i'll leave right now. what do i have to do? rachel, what are you doing here? can i come in? of course. can i get you something? no, i'm good. thank you. if this is about checking out the place for your wedding, it might be better during the day. no, i didn't come to talk about that. i came here to talk about this. rachel, this is terrific. you passed the character and fitness committee without even having to go in. i know. then why do you look so concerned? because i know what you and mike are doing to make this happen. rachel, this letter has nothing to do with what we're doing. you deserve this and all this guy is doing is the right thing. okay, let's say that's true. what about what you two are doing to make the same thing happen for mike? listen. no, harvey, i need you to listen. he just spent the past couple months in prison, and it was supposed to be years. and i can't let that happen again. it's not going to happen again. i know it isn't, which is why i'm here. i need your word that if things start to go south, that you will pull the plug on this whole thing. rachel. harvey, i want your word. you got it. things go south, it's done. hey, mike, you got a second? yeah. what's up? i was hoping you could tell me. apparently, oliver was in the conference room all day working on some case against velocity data. uh, yeah, i gave him an assignment. what do you mean you gave him an assignment? he had the workers' comp case. i took care of that. mike, your job isn't to generate cases. it's to consult on the cases we've already taken. i know that. but it's also to help our associates become better lawyers. oliver got his ass kicked in court the other day. i'm just helping to build him back up. and there are plenty of other cases you could have used to do that. instead, you went and you signed a class action, which is something we do not do. well, why isn't it something we do? these men have life threatening health problems. they need someone to give a shit about them. it isn't something we do because we don't have the time or the manpower to take on a giant like velocity. nathan, i don't know what you want me to say. i went out there, i signed these guys, and they trusted me. i can't back out now. this the kind of shit you pulled when you were at pearson specter? on occasion. then i want you to say the next time you think to pull something like this, you have the common courtesy to tell me before you do it. i suggest a warm bubble bath and a pint of chunky monkey. because if you're not good to yourself, how can you expect anyone else to be good to you? and for your information, the initial program was vanilla bean and an enya cd, but it learned from you. pretty awesome, right? no, benjamin, it's not pretty awesome. you can t just give it platitudes. what are you talking about? the key to having empathy is making people feel supported in their feelings. not just trying to solve their problems. that is the dumbest thing i've ever heard. no, it isn't. and not only that, you have to tailor its response to the feelings the person is having. how am i supposed to do that? you have to have it listen. okay, i get it. you're saying it has to understand the feelings of its user and express that understanding in a sympathetic manner. exactly. now, you think you can do that? of course i can. all i need to do is continually expose it to what it's not providing and eventually the feedback loop will show it how to be more like you. in other words, awesome. yes, that's the entire point of this exercise. and for the record, no one awesome listens to enya. maybe not her later work. you're the whole team? seems fair. there's only one of you. i'm not an attorney, mr. ross. i'm ceo. then you must be serious. why don't you give me a number? you want a number? zero. because i'm not going to be shaken down by the likes of you. this isn't a shakedown, mr. palmer. those men are dying from conditions that your company knew about. those men signed non disclosure agreements. and if they break them, we can come after them for every penny they've got. and i've got a way to bust every damn one of those agreements. no way. those things are airtight. airtight doesn't apply when signed under duress, which is exactly what dying of lung cancer and not being able to afford a doctor is. well, good luck making that argument , times, because i'm going to fight each and every one of them to my dying breath. you can't do that. they're a class. i can and i will. and you move forward with this, i'm going to bury that shit hole legal clinic of yours in so much paperwork, you're going to choke to death. so, you just called me down here to tell me no to my face? i called you down here to show you that if you pursue this action, those men are going to be left with nothing. and so are you. that's a hell of a strategy. but i guess you didn't get the memo that my co counsel on this is pearson specter litt. bullshit. their name's not on any one of these documents. because they wanted to keep a low profile. but go ahead, pick up the phone. i'll call them myself. then i guess i'll see you and your big law firm in court. but, like i said, i'm not going to be shaken down by the likes of you. harvey, i just got a phone call from the lawyers at velocity. they wanted me to confirm that we're co counsel with mike on this. what did you tell them? what do you think i told them? i told them yes. because if they're asking, he obviously bluffed and i'm not going to hang him out to dry. where are you going? i'm going to find out what he did and why he did it. what the hell did you do? relax, harvey, i was just coming to tell you. no, i specifically said that i can't be seen to be involved in this thing. and you also said we only had one shot at this. i was the one in the room with this guy. he had me and he knew it. so what? so, you always said that if i'm in a knife fight and i'm losing, to pick up the gun. and pearson specter litt is a goddamn gun. look, i know this isn't exactly what we wanted, but i can still be the one to insist on admission of guilt. so, what's really going on here? i promised rachel that if this thing got too risky, i'd pull the plug. and it just got a hell of a lot riskier. well, it also got real. those miners need us. i'm not going to abandon them. so, what do you want to do? what do you think i want to do? i want to kick this guy's ass. then here's the situation. i got miners on board and i can bust the ndas. but i can't make the action a class 'cause they already signed those rights away. i get it. he doesn't think we can get all those separate cases to court. well, he's got another thing coming. i've got brand new associates upstairs begging to work on a case like this. you're going to oversee every single one them if it takes all night. then i have to meet you at your office in an hour. there's something i need to take care of first. louis, whatever it is, it's going to have to wait. no, this will just take a second, it's about the carly donahue meeting. i was thinking. louis, i'm sorry. but i'm not going to be able to make it. what? why the hell not? mike needs my help on a case. harvey, you may not want to accept this, but mike doesn't work here anymore. and firm business takes priority over. listen. louis, this is firm business. and if what i think is going to happen happens, mike's going to end up back here when it's done. what? you remember that thing that we took care of for rachel that you said might be worth doing? well, it turns out it was worth doing. only, i'm doing it for mike. holy shit. seidel agreed to go to bat for him? yes, and once it's done and mike's in the bar, he can come back here and work again. harvey, that is great. and nobody wants that more than i do. but it's just one meeting. louis, i know that. but, in about three hours, i'm going to be underwater for the next three days. harvey. louis, i know i told you i'd be there for you. but i need you to be there for me. okay, harvey. i'll do it. good, you're still here. box up the velocity files and meet me downstairs. where are we going? pearson specter agreed to partner on the case. shit, that's big. you want in? hell yeah. give me minutes. hey. yeah. you want to tell me what this is? that is an agreement to co counsel, and i was just going to come tell you about it. how many times are you going to make a move without telling me? nathan, i'm sorry, but i had to move fast. the guy at velocity was putting the screws to me. is something shady going on here, mike? what? first, you bring in this huge case out of the blue. then, all of a sudden, you bring in your old firm? you're the one who said we didn't have the resources to handle this sort of thing. so, i just brought in someone who would. yeah, i bet they're getting a sweet deal out of it, too. it's not like that. they're taking half their usual fee. that's all they're getting. and what about you, mike? what are you getting? what are you talking about? you're going to tell me you're not using this as a stepping stone to get back to your old firm? what? no. nathan, i don't want to go back there. bullshit. i don't believe you. something is going on here and i know it. you know what, nathan? for your information, harvey specter did offer me a consulting job, just like you did. except his had one more zero at the end of it, and i still turned him down. i chose to be here. but i don't want to be second guessed at every turn. so, either you're going to trust that my heart is in the right place or you're not. well, for your information, mike, right now, i really don't have a choice. hey. are you okay? no, i'm not okay. how the hell am i supposed to keep carly donahue's business all by myself? because, louis, you're co managing partner and you're one hell of a lawyer. you just don't get it, do you? this woman wants to know that she is special to this firm. if i walk in there by myself, she's going to laugh me out of the room. then why didn't you tell that to harvey? because, i know how important mike is to him and i didn't want to let him down. then don't. that is not. louis, if this woman needs to know she's special to us, there's more than one way to do it and harvey's not the only one you can bring. donna, that's great, but the meeting is tomorrow and i don't even know these new associates yet. yes, you do. you know katrina, who's not just a new associate, she's a junior partner. and you know rachel, who's as good as a fourth year. you go in there with a show of force like that? trust me. this woman is going to be blown away. okay, donna. show of force it is. holy shit, otis redding's first album? you sure harvey won't mind if i take it out? are you kidding me? no, he says if that collection's not for everyone, then what's the point of even having it here? sounds like a great guy. the best. gandhi. harvey. you serious? hand to god. the man's practically a saint. what's going on? oliver, harvey specter. harvey specter, oliver. nice to meet you, oliver. would you like me to pour you a drink? would you? no, i wouldn't. now, put that down, get out of my office and if i ever catch you touching one of my things again, i'll shove it up your ass. is he serious? not about the ass part, but i'd put it back. mike, you set me up. mmm hmm. welcome to pearson specter litt. you enjoy that? yeah, it felt okay. good. now, why don't you go make sure everyone knows exactly what they're doing? it's p.m., the clock's ticking, and we got to get this thing done. and what are you going to do? i'm going to figure out what we're going to say to that velocity son of a bitch when he walks in here tomorrow begging for a settlement. do you have any idea what this is about? gretchen said that louis had some special assignment for us. all i know is, i got a rambling voicemail about neapolitan ice cream. neapolitan ice cream? yes. chocolate and vanilla melded beautifully with strawberry. just like we're about to do for carly donahue. louis, did you just call me chocolate? why would i do that? you're my white swan. katrina's my black swan. the math ain't that hard. what's with the boxes, louis? this is everything the firm has ever done for couture apparel. you're taking us to your annual meeting? i'm not just taking you. we're running it together. okay, louis. i know what you're thinking. how the hell are a junior partner and a third year law student supposed to fill jessica's size thirteens? well, the answer is you can't. no one can. then why are we here? because we used to dazzle carly with rank. this year, we're going to dazzle her with substance. by knowing her business better than anyone else. i'll take care of the business. what you two are going to do is personally tailor the presentation to her. and as of now, we have less than hours to do that. we won't let you down, louis. i know you won't. you think jessica really wears size thirteens? that's exactly what i was thinking. oliver, how's it going? it's going okay. i'm finished drafting six complaints. what is it? it's nothing. it's just, in the time i did six, most of them did nine or . i guess that means you're in the home stretch, huh? i guess i am. look, oliver, i know what you're thinking. but i was telling nathan the truth. i'm not looking to come back here with these guys instead of working with you. i know you don't want to come back here, mike. i guess i just wanted to say these associates are badass, and i appreciate you choosing to work with someone like me over them. you mind if i ask how you're so sure i don't want to come back here? because these associates are amazing lawyers. but not a single one of them mentioned an actual human being involved in this case the whole night. they're just trying to win. and there's nothing wrong with that, but that's not you. yeah, oliver, there is something wrong with that. and that's why you're going to be a better lawyer than any one of these guys. i'm going to go tell harvey that we're in the home stretch. how's it going, genius? what? i said, how's it going? i'll tell you how it's going. it's not going to work. what? but i thought that you said. i don't care what you thought. this isn't westworld. i can't make her human. benjamin, i'm not asking you to make her human, i'm just asking you to give her a little compassion. well, i don't know how to do that. and it's supposed to learn from itself, but it isn't. hey. what's going on? the story i always told myself was the only reason i didn't work in silicon valley was that i didn't want to. but the truth is i don't have what it takes. and then you come in here, calling me a genius, and. benjamin, it's okay. you're only human. if it doesn't work, it doesn't work. really? really. besides, if i can't show you compassion, how can i ever expect the donna to show compassion? thanks, donna. i'm sorry if i got your hopes up. you figure out what we're going to say tomorrow? you get those complaints ready? i asked you first. yeah, but i'm not the one who had the least experienced lawyer i've ever met put this thing over the goal line. oh, come on. i thought i was the least experienced lawyer you've ever met. no, you were the least experienced dickhead i ever met. right. because that kid may be green, but he's the only one of you two that actually went to law school. don't i know it. mike, what's on your mind? nothing. it's just, this whole thing we're doing is making me lie to a lot of people including oliver, and. i'm not thrilled about it. what are you talking about? nathan thinks there's an ulterior motive to this case and he's right. oliver saw it. i had to lie to both of them to cover it up. maybe that's true. but you need to keep your eye on the ball. you deserve to be a lawyer. you're doing good for those miners and that's all that matters. i don't know, harvey. what do you care so much about what this kid thinks, anyway? because he's the reason i decided to change my mind about doing this whole thing. what do you mean? he's a great kid. and he's going to be a great lawyer. but i had to watch him tank a case without being able to help him and a woman ended up on the street. i thought if we do this, then i'll never have to sit back and do nothing while someone i care about is losing ever again. then stop worrying about what we're doing. because tomorrow isn't about losing. it's about winning. this is ridiculous. we've been up all night, and we've got nothing. yes, we do. what is this? this is the key to keeping carly donahue's business. how is a three year old interview with gourmand magazine going to help us? because it shows she's a foodie. and like louis said, we need to show her that we don't only understand her company, we understand her. i get it. what if we structured the presentation like a nine course meal and paired a discrete piece of legal analysis with each course? like a paired wine tasting. coupled with a paired wine tasting. hold on. are you a foodie, too? what i am is a lover of fine wine, delightful cuisine and the ballet. in any order you pick. well, i don't think we can have dancers at the meeting. no, we can't. which means unless you know how to cook, we need to find ourselves a world class chef and we need to find it fast. what about this? mike and i just met with a world class, french trained chef to cater our wedding. i mean, if he's available, then. book him. well, don't you want to hear more about his. rachel, if i can't trust your taste in pairings, i can't trust anyone's. what are you talking about? i never thanked you for this. but you knew your father and i would be a great fit. and if you hadn't set me up with him after i was fired, i don't know what i would have done. i'll book the chef. i assume from the fact that you called, you got our christmas present. i didn't call you. i called harvey specter. well, he called me. i wanted to come have a little chat with you before you got it into your head that you could go behind my back and cut a deal without an admission of guilt. what? look, i don't give a shit how much you offered. you're not going to buy your way out of this thing without telling the world what you did. i don't think you understand what the word settlement means. i understand what it means to you. i just don't give a shit. one hundred million. with an admission of guilt. sure. where do i sign? listen to me. a hundred million dollars is the biggest payout this company's ever made. no, it's not. because i'm not taking it. what is wrong with you? i'm willing to cut your clients a check that will change their lives and you're too stupid to see it. here's what i see. every day this case drags on, your stock is going to take a hit. and every quarter when the board meets, that's going to be their first question and your biggest goddamn headache. so, the real question is, are you ready to take responsibility for what you did or not? i see you wore your power suit for your return to the majors. you're going to play in yankee stadium, you've got to wear the pinstripes. how did it go? good. he did exactly what we thought he would. tried to lowball me, called me an idiot and then kicked me out. how high did he go? a hundred million. what? nothing. it's just, i would have gotten him up to two. and how exactly would you have done that when you told me not to counter? i'm more intimidating. i walk into a room, people cave. it's a gift. i think it's a gift when you leave the room. my gift to you was saving your ass when you screwed the pooch by involving me in this case. seriously, harvey, i. i appreciate you rolling with this thing. especially when i had to improvise. don't worry about it. the truth is, i like getting the chance to work with you again. besides, don't tell rachel, i like the added risk. oh, i know. how do you know? because you told me. life is like this and i like this. what am i, luke perry? sometimes. look, i've got to go. because this asshole's going to be back in my office in an hour trying to cut a deal with me behind your back. oh, my god. this is amazing. you really think so? i know so. it's the perfect legal analysis combined with the perfect presentation. so, you don't think the fact that jessica isn't here. jessica schmessica. carly's going to be blown away. i should promote you both right now. will you? no. worth a try. okay, we have some time. so, i'll meet you both back here in an hour. where are you going? going to go have a prunie. want to clean out the pipes for the nine course meal. mike ross. yes? i'm craig seidel. what? what are you doing here? i want to know what the hell you're doing. what do you mean, what am i doing? i mean you filed suits, not just one. and james palmer's going to fight each one of them. which means this thing is going to drag on forever. and we're going to drop the hammer on him as soon as he gets to harvey's. now, i don't want to see you again until i meet you for the first time at that hearing. don't you walk away from me. i hired harvey to do a job, he farmed it out to you against my will and you're going to goddamn listen to me. no, you didn't hire harvey. you tried to mess with my fianc e's life and you're lucky we didn't have you disbarred. so, instead of coming to my place of work and harassing me, why don't you go back to your hole and we'll tell you when it's done? okay, but your window's closing. this thing doesn't get wrapped up soon, your shot at being a lawyer is over. if you're going to bankroll a suit, at least have the balls to negotiate it yourself. i take it you didn't like the offer. admission of guilt isn't an offer. it's suicide. it's mike ross' case. it's his call. bullshit. mike ross is some clinic worker. you're harvey specter. and from what i hear about you, you don't give a shit about guilt. you're right, i don't. so, why don't you tell me how much it's going to take to make this go away? five hundred million. half a billion dollars. are you insane? you poisoned your employees, mr. palmer. you're lucky you're not in prison. two hundred million. no. three hundred. no. okay. make it and call it a day. five hundred. not a penny less. in that case, make it zero. because you just confirmed what i suspected since this morning. you picked the exact number to make my stock take a nosedive. and we both know who benefits from that. craig seidel. i don't know what you're talking about. then i guess you also don't know that mike ross just got an appointment with the ethics board. and it's a crime to trade this for that. which means your lawsuit is over. then i'll do something else. you think i won't go after you for stealing technology from seidel's company? you have no proof i did anything. no, but he does. and i don't give a shit about his marriage, and i'm going to make him come forward. his marriage? is that what he told you this is about? i've got news for you, mr. specter. the reason he hasn't come forward has nothing to do with his marriage. so, why don't you go find out what's what? and i've got a feeling when you do, you'll drop this case by morning. hey hey you ran out of the presentation so quickly, i didn't get to ask what you thought. i had to get to class. but i thought it went great. what about louis? he was over the moon. i'm sure he's glad to have you back. i'm glad to be back. well, i should, uh. what was it like, working with my dad? you said it was a great pairing and i was just wondering. what you were missing. yes. you were missing a brilliant, tireless, sweet, funny, charming man. who may also be the best litigator i have ever seen. maybe you didn't understand my question. i was asking what it was like to work with zane, not kaldor. rachel, i'm serious. i learned a lot about your father while i was there and i'm telling you, it was all good. what about his temper? well, maybe it wasn't all good. well, good night. one more thing i learned about him. he doesn't just love you, he respects you. how would you know that. when he offered you that job, he was beaming. he told everyone in the office that his brilliant baby girl was going to work for us and she was going to blow us all to smithereens. he said that? rachel, i didn't tell you that to make you feel bad. he was okay that you didn't take his offer. it doesn't make me feel bad. it makes me feel great. is he in? no, he had to run out. all right, do me a favor. just tell him i need to talk to him when he gets back. you mind if i ask what it's about? i just got off the phone with carly donahue. louis, what happened? rachel said that it went great. i thought it did, too. but then she called me and said that the next time she asks for a meeting with me and harvey, she better get a goddamn meeting with me and harvey instead of two nobodies. what did you tell her? i told her how dare she talk about my superstars like that. she's lucky to have them. louis, that's great. good for you. she fired us, donna. oh, louis, i'm so sorry. look, this isn't your fault. you couldn't have known. it's okay. i just need to go home. shit. it's okay, donna. it's not your fault either. yes, it is. i'm donna. i should have known. maybe. but you always say, part of being human is messing up sometimes. and you may be donna, but you're still human. holy shit. you are ready. oliver. hey, what are you doing in here? i want to know if i was wrong about you. what are you talking about? i want to know if you're using this case to get back to pearson specter. oliver, we talked about this. i thought you understood that's not who i am. i thought so, too. but then i got to thinking. you fooled so many people for so long, what if you're fooling me now? because you said pearson specter would never take on a case like this when you were there before. yeah, because they never wanted to be on the wrong side of a corporate lawsuit. then why are they on the wrong side of one now? oliver. please. don't lie to me, mike. just tell me what's going on. it's a long story, but. we brought the suit so that i could get into the bar. so, you were lying to nathan, only not about what he thought. listen to me. i'm not going to listen. and you need to tell him what's going on. i can't do that. and i wasn't lying to him when i said i'm not going back to my old firm. i wasn't lying to him when i said these people's lives matter to me. and i wasn't lying to either one of you when i said i care about what kind of lawyer you're going to be. well, if you care what kind of lawyer i'm going to be, set the right example. because you owe it to nathan to tell him the truth. hi. hey. what's this? it's every yearbook i've ever had. it was so nice doing it with yours the other night, i thought maybe tonight we could do it with mine. louis, what's wrong? nothing's wrong. i had a bad day and i wanted to talk to you about it. but you went to all this trouble and i don't want to bring you down. louis, my yearbooks are always going to be here. and hearing about something as important to you as your work isn't going to bring me down. it's going to bring us closer. are you sure? because i have a lot of bad days at work. which is all the more reason for you to have someone to make you feel better at home. okay, but it's kind of a long story. well, then you sit right here, i'll go make you a drink, and then you can tell me all about it. you know what i'm in the mood for? i can't tell which one yet, but i'm pretty sure it's either a peach schnapps or a ice cold prunie. you really are getting to know me, aren't you? i sure am. jesus christ. what are you doing here? you guys told me to stay away from you. yeah, that was before i had a chat with your buddy, james palmer. look, i don't even know james palmer. so, whatever he said. he didn't have to say anything. all he had to do was point. so what? this is an off shore account in my name. an off shore account with , in it, deposited exactly a day after velocity supposedly stole your technology. i was told by my accountant to shelter certain earnings. bullshit. you don't even have those kind of earnings. and you didn't have to keep this quiet because you're married. you kept it quiet because you're in on it. i was in on it. i saw a chance to jump ship and get paid in the process. but instead, they pulled the job and put just enough money in that account to implicate me. you piece of shit. please. my employees are gonna lose their jobs because of me. we need to keep this suit going and get that technology back. no, buddy. you don't give a shit about your employees and i don't give a shit about you. this deal is done. you can't do this. yes, i can. and i didn't have leverage before, but i do now. so, you're not just getting mike an interview, you're going to block anyone who tries to vote no. and if you don't, your boss is gonna get an anonymous tip that you sold trade secrets. and i'm going to make sure to send this along with it. you're my attorney. you work for me. you can't do that. i don't work for you. remember, craig? that's how i set it up. see you at the bar. . . . .subtitles by. . . 