 except for one thing. he's a liar. he thinks he doesn't have to play by the same rules. but we know he does. what did you do? i pled guilty. if you think i'm going to let you do this, you're out of your goddamn mind. he cut a deal to save this firm. he cut a deal to keep us from going to prison. we give evan people who already want to go and i give anita gibbs murderers in exchange for mike. and what if it doesn't work? and we lose everything? louis then we do. but if we don't try to save him, who are we? make the deal. i am not letting you go to prison for a crime that i committed. i'm not letting you go when you were going to be found innocent! why the hell would you lie to me? because truth would have broken you. you know what, harvey? you wanna come to my wedding, you let me know. i'm not trying to take your place anymore. i'm trying to get you ready. harvey. 'cause you're weak. i am not weak. yeah? well, hit me. is this what you want? that i hate you and then you made me do this? we lose everything because of you! i am not saying that i don't want to get married. you go finish law school and then, in two years, when i get out, if you still want to marry me. they're all gone. watch your back in there, mike. i will. officer general wake up for all inmates is at a.m. you'll be standing next to your bed at that time. if you are not, you will face disciplinary action. at least five inmate counts will be held during each hour period at random times. you will stand still during every one of those counts. if you are not, you will face disciplinary action. you will be at meals on time if you want to eat. you will be at work on time no matter what. you will keep your cell in a clean and sanitary condition. if you fail in any of these areas, you will face. disciplinary action. good, you're getting the picture. do you mind if i ask what disciplinary action means? since you got the balls to ask that, i'm sure you're gonna find out soon enough. what's this for? what do you think it's for? strip naked. put everything you own inside that bag, then follow me. harvey, what are you doing here? i came to let you know that i dropped him off. and, uh, he looks as good as he could look. and i think he's gonna be okay. i appreciate that. but you could have told me that over the phone. so, what are you really doing here? i miss him. i miss him, too. louis where the hell are you going? donna where do you think i'm going? i'm going home, louis. look, don't you get it? they're all gone. every single one of them. yeah, well, we knew that already. no, no. i don't think you understand. i'm not just talking about the partners. i'm talking about everyone from the accountants to the secretaries to the guy who shines my shoes, donna. all of them, gone. and what exactly do you want me to do about it? i want you to get harvey on the goddamn phone. well, i'm not gonna do that. why not? because tonight is not the night to call harvey. louis why? because of mike? i don't know if you've noticed, but mike is gone along with everybody else. and if we don't figure something out by tonight, we are gonna be left with nothing. i didn't say we weren't gonna figure something out, louis. i said we're not calling harvey. well, then what the hell are we gonna do? right now, i'm gonna go to my office and fix myself a goddamn drink. the first time i met him? what do you think i thought? i. i thought he was an idiot. imagine how i felt when a bunch of weed spilled out of his briefcase seconds after he walked into his interview. i know, you were so horrified, you got on the phone and you called the police. no, wait, you didn't do that. you offered the idiot a job. that's because after i heard his story, i knew he wasn't an idiot after all. and i knew by the end of that first morning that he wasn't like anyone i'd ever met. and that if i wasn't careful, i was gonna be in trouble. to trouble. to trouble. look at that, louis left me a voicemail. i don't understand. you seem happy about that. that's because one of my favorite pastimes is to listen to one of louis' messages. what if he's upset about something? he's always upset about something. that's why one of my favorite pastimes is to listen to one of louis' messages. louis damn it, harvey, pick up the goddamn phone. because this entire firm is a ghost town and i'm sorry mike's in prison but if we don't figure something out, what you and your little sidekick did is gonna be the end of us. and don't give me some bullshit about tonight isn't the time because. i got to go. yeah, i know. i'm coming with you. rachel, you heard what louis said. this is going to be a rough night. you need to stay here. harvey, it's gonna be a rough night no matter where i am. and at least if i'm with you, there's a chance that i could be of some use. you better get your coat, because we don't have much time. now what? officer now you get dressed. and you wait. would you like some more drinks? can i offer you an appetizer? maybe some truffle fries? or are we allowed to talk business now? all right, louis. what do you think we should do? since it was your recommendation that landed us in this mess in the first place. i recommended that because it was a last ditch effort to get mike out of prison. and you also said we'd only lose of our partners to evan smith. how could i have known that she had the capacity to bring on more than that? don't you get it? the rest didn't go to evan smith. they just walked the hell out and went somewhere else. then we can sue their asses. with what lawyers, what resources and what money? because i don't know if you've noticed, but this firm has been gutted because of your recommendation. no, jessica. it was gutted because of mine. damn it, louis. i told you not to call him. well, i did. because he's a partner and like he just said, he was the one who wanted to sever the non competes in the first place. you're right, louis, i did. but i didn't come down here to play pin the blame on the harvey. i came down here to figure out what the hell we're gonna do. then let's get to it. may i help you? oh, i'm sorry to interrupt, but there was no one at reception and i have your order here. you've got to be kidding me. you call me down here for an emergency and then you take the time to order chinese food? i didn't order anything, asshole. so, crouch your tiger, hide your dragon, or i'm going to wang chung your ass out of here. louis, calm down. clearly, there's some mistake. no one at this firm has ordered any food. delivery boy well, i'm pretty sure this is the right place. because the name on your door says, jessica pearson and this order is for a jessica pearson. yeah, this is jessica pearson. louis! jessica louis! what? they know i'm not really here to bring you an egg roll, asshole. i'm here to serve you with this. what is that? it's a class action. we're being sued for every case mike ross has ever touched. see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody wanna know how it feel everybody wanna see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie i don't mind me and missy is so early busy, busy making money all right! all step back i'm 'bout to dance the greenback boogie . . . .subtitles by. . . . p krishna teja p that's why they all left. they knew this was coming and they got out so they could all have it on record that they were gone before the suit came down. then we need to know who the hell tipped them off. it doesn't matter who tipped them off. what matters is if we lose this suit, we can't handle the money. how much are they suing us for? a hundred million. god damn it. we need to get those partners back. i told you, we're never gonna get them back. and right now, we don't even know where they went. donna i do. how the hell did you pull that off? because lawyers don't talk to lawyers. but secretaries talk to secretaries. that is a list of who went where. okay, we need a paper trail tonight. notices of breach of contract. and we need to get on record that those partners aren't off the hook. but it's too late to send out notices. we already got served with the lawsuit. he didn't record the time. donna, there's , in the cigar box on my desk. get it now. wait, where the hell are you going? i'm going downstairs to tell that server he can have every nickel of it to say he didn't deliver that thing for another two hours. assuming harvey doesn't shit the bed, we've got two hours to figure out how we're going to serve every partner on this list. give me that list. they can consider themselves served, because louis marlowe litt never backs down from a fight. federal correctional institution, danbury. yes, i'm, i'm calling to check on an. officer inmate. yeah. his name is michael ross and he. i'm sorry, ma'am, i can't give out information regarding inmates. would you at least be able to tell me if he's been processed yet? if he surrendered himself, then he has been processed. okay, so does that mean that he's in a cell now or. ma'am, i'm a prison administrator, not a hotel concierge. i don't know the whereabouts of any given inmate at any given time. okay. would you be able to tell me when i can see him? are you his spouse or immediate family? no. then you'll have to go through the approval process. but he doesn't have any immediate family, and i'm his fianc e. and unless you have a filed marriage certificate, you'll have to wait till next month. next month? um. look, am i, am i allowed to ask your name? ruth my name is ruth. ruth, mike and i were supposed to be married today. but we weren't, and i can't stop thinking about him. and i'm not going to be able to sleep unless i know that he's gonna be okay. ruth he's in prison, ma'am. i really couldn't say. i am sorry. nothing like prison blue to make you realize the clothes don't make the man, huh? warden clark? me? no. who told you you were going to meet the warden? uh, no one, i just thought. that this was going to be like a prison movie. put your trust in the lord, but your ass belongs to me type shit. you know shawshank. of course you know shawshank, you work in a prison. no, brother, i know shawshank because it's the greatest movie ever made. here. what's this? your psychological evaluation. why do i need a psychological evaluation? because the federal penitentiary system says you do. now, when i get back, if there's a hole in the mirror covered by a rita hayworth poster, i will not be happy. louis okay, louis, calm down. you've had a few misfires, possibly had a stroke, but you can do this. you've entered the requisite information, you've calibrated the typeface perfectly. all you have to do is press send and those sons of bitches are about to get litt the hell up. goddamn mother. benjamin what the hell are you doing? i'm just doing a little troubleshooting, why? that is a , piece of hardware and you have no business even. wait a second, what are you still doing here? what any it officer worth his salt would do. i'm maintaining our system so it appears we're still a functioning law firm to the outside world. can you electronically serve legal notice to every partner in the next two hours? as long as you've got their official business addresses, i can do it in the next two minutes. well, it's a good thing i have them right here. um, no offense, but i'm really more of a lone ranger. excuse me? i can get this done in a more efficient manner without you looking over my shoulder. well, that's what i told my mother when i looked at my first playboy. but it didn't happen then and it's not going to happen now. well, that doesn't matter because we have a problem. so, you're saying, in this office, at any given moment, there's a , hidden away. that's what i'm saying. where? i'm not telling you. louis whatever the hell you two are in the middle of, it's going to have to wait. because secretaries may talk to secretaries, but liars talk to idiots. louis, what the hell are you talking about? i'm saying that that list is a bucket of bullshit and the mighty donna paulsen, she doesn't know her ass from her elbow. watch yourself, louis. why do i need to watch myself, harvey? see, i don't know if you've noticed, but we're being sued for million, the partners are gone, and we can't stop them. maybe we don't have to stop them. what are you saying? what i want to know right now is what we're all worth. what, are you kidding? why don't you just jam a cattle prod up my ass, it would be less invasive. i'll jam my fist in your face if you don't start getting with the program. there you go, resorting to violence like you always do. because you won't admit this whole thing is your fault in the first place. my fault? if i hadn't brought mike in, you'd still be here sniveling around like a goddamn junior partner. and if i hadn't given donna back to you, you'd still be having panic attacks like a goddamn little girl. jessica louis! you smug son of a bitch. that's enough! i just watched the man that i love go to prison so that none of you have to. and it hasn't been five minutes, and you're already ripping each other apart. rachel. rachel let me finish. i thought i wanted to be alone tonight. and then, i realized that i didn't because i wanted to be with my family. but if you can't keep it together tonight of all nights, then as far as i'm concerned. you can all rot in hell. well, i'm going to say what she won't. this is all on you. louis, this is the last place i wanted to be tonight, too. but i came back here to save my firm, anyway. but if you're going to be the same old louis and we're going to do the same old dance, then maybe you and this firm can both go rot in hell. louis, i don't want to hear it. well, that's good. because i'm not here to say it. are you saying you didn't come down here to tell me harvey can go to hell? i'm saying i came down here to tell you if harvey wants to go, we should let him. oh, louis. jessica, you once told me, no matter what happens, pearson will always consider litt her partner. which means whatever happens with harvey, we can do this together. what do you say? you and me. pearson litt. wow, you say no. no, louis. i should have known, you never wanted me. all you ever wanted was your precious harvey. louis, you have no idea what i want. and my hesitation has nothing to do with you. then what exactly does it have to do with? louis. i have put everything i have into keeping this firm afloat for as long as i can remember. well, now, look around you. the ship isn't sinking, it sunk. and i don't know if i have it in me to pull it back up from the bottom of the ocean. finally. excuse me? they came and took that thing away three hours ago. i've been sitting here twiddling my thumbs ever since. you were not twiddling your thumbs, you were waiting for me to go over the results of that thing. and the results are, you are full of shit. excuse me? you heard me. i answered every one of those questions honestly. i didn't say you didn't. well, in that case, i guess you didn't get the memo. we're in a prison filled with con men, everyone here is full of shit. and the difference between you and them is they know they are. what does that even mean? it means that they know they don't have the patience to earn what they want. and that's why they go out and steal it from other people. so, that's why you left me in here all that time. just to prove that i have no patience. evaluation number two, narcissistic tendencies. oh. the world does not revolve around you. you know what? i don't have to listen to this. no, you don't, because my day is done. and i'm going to go home, pour myself a cold beer, while you get settled in cell on the south end of d block. yeah, i get it. i'm no longer mike ross. i'm just inmate number . no, you are still mike ross. but my job is to help you become a better version of him when you leave than when you came in. and if you trust me, that just might happen. trust you? you came in here before acting like you were on my side. whoa, let's get one thing straight. i didn't act anything. you waltzed in here thinking this was going to be like some prison movie. well, it's not. so, get that through your head. it's not a movie, brother. it's just prison. donna don't you dare push that button. you're not leaving, harvey, not tonight. yes, i am. well, if you really mean that, then you're not the man i thought you were. what did you just say to me? i said that underneath that expensive suit and that perfect record is a coward, ready to run from one of the biggest fights of his life. i am not running from anything, donna, and i don't need this right now. no, harvey, right now is exactly when you need this. because tomorrow is going to be too late. i know what i'm doing. then why don't you enlighten me? because i, for one, would love to know exactly what you're doing. i'm going to go the hell home and never look back. and what about tomorrow? i don't care about tomorrow. well, maybe you should start caring about tomorrow. because if you don't, you're going to wake up three weeks from now and you're going to realize that this was the biggest mistake of your life. and all you did was give up exactly what mike went to prison to save. mike did not go to prison to save this goddamn firm. no, harvey, he went to prison to save us. and now, you're walking out on us. and if you're going to do that, then tell me, what did he save us for? julius let's get one thing straight. you waltzed in here thinking this was going to be like a prison movie. well, it's not. officer ross. julius it's not a movie, brother. it's just prison. it's just prison. ross. did you hear me? we going to have trouble your first night? no. then get in there. one more thing. you're not authorized to leave this cell the rest of the night. jessica, i'm sorry i didn't. jessica you know, this used to be my desk. different desk, same spot. jackson was there, burns was there, and kleiman was by the door. he hated being by the door. i don't know any of those names. because they got out a long time ago, because this life isn't for everyone. and it's harder on some than it is on others. rachel what are you saying? i'm saying that, for women, the rules are different. you can't be everyone's friend and invite them to tea because. warm means you're weak. i wasn't going to be weak. but now, the flip side to that is if you're strong, they think you're cold. and that's why they're all gone. because they see me as. as unfeeling and manipulative. i'm tired of it. well, they're wrong. you're just saying that because you're seeing me like this. no, that has nothing to do with it. my dad told me that the only reason he came to the church today was because you told him if he didn't, he would lose me forever. and you didn't do that because you were trying to manipulate some situation. you did it because you care. and because you did it, i will be loyal to you forever. what can i do for you, harvey? i came to tell you that i'm sorry. you should be. i know. so, are you going to give me a tongue lashing, or you want to figure out how we can get out of this jackpot? i think that right now, you and me and louis should get in a room and smoke a peace pipe. are you saying what i think you're saying? i sure as hell am. and where exactly are we going to get that shit this late at night? 'cause the coffee cart guy is long gone. it just so happens i like to brew my own coffee from time to time. rachel i'm going to go get a drink. that stuff's illegal, you know. gallo put that down. oh, hey, i'm sorry i didn't mean to. touch my stuff? funny, i didn't see the picture jump into your hands by itself. look, i was just. relax, i'm just giving you shit. that's my little nephew. sweet kid, but dumb as a box of rocks. welcome to danbury. what's your name? mike. mike ross. frank gallo. well, mike, it looks like we're going to be sharing this little condo for a while, huh? you feel like telling me what you're in for? look i get it, you don't know if you can trust me. listen, the truth is, you shouldn't trust anybody in here. except i just asked what you did, and they obviously already caught you, so what's the harm? well, if there's no harm, then why don't you tell me what you're in for? that could take a while. well, i don't know about you, but i'm free for the next two years. ah, careful. see, now you told me how long you're in for. starts there, ends with you telling me you were born a poor black child. you know the jerk. yeah, and you know the jerk? yeah, i watched a lot of movies growing up. we watch a lot of movies in here. all right, you want to know my story? it starts long before i did what i did. because i was not born a poor black child, but i was born poor. which made me susceptible to wanting to be rich. of course i'm thinking about myself. what, you wouldn't? please. you'd throw a giraffe off of noah's ark just to save your sorry ass. the world's probably without unicorns because of one of your ancestors. and i. will you just let me finish a thought, for god's sake? louis? what exactly are you doing? well, what does it look like i'm doing? i'm having a discussion about the fate of the firm with my dead secretary's ashes. well, as long as it's not something weird. what exactly have you two been doing the last half hour? the same thing you're about to do. no way, i'm not doing the mary j. yes, you are. i'm not huffing and puffing. louis, it's the only way. no, i'm not doing the dirty. it's okay, i got this. i mean, if louis doesn't want to smoke it, maybe norma does. oh, don't you dare. relax, louis, it's not like it's going to kill her. harvey, that is not funny, okay? you're going to get ashes in her ashes. then why don't you just smoke it yourself? put that out. nope. i'm going to light this joint on the count of one. harvey, i'm telling you. two. harvey. three. did you pull your back out? give me the goddamn thing. jesus christ. gallo that's the thing about computers. you can delete whatever you want, but it's never really gone. so, if you had just stopped one trade sooner, they might never have even caught you. yeah, i could have stopped five, four, three trades sooner, they still might not have. but how do you know? i'll tell you how you know. you stop when you have enough money to put your kids through college. yeah, but what college? and what if they want to go to med school? and what if they need a car? and then, somewhere along the way, you stop thinking about if they need a car and you start thinking, i need a car and that's when you get caught. because whether you want to admit it to yourself or not, you were never thinking about them in the first place. but whether you were or weren't, once you start, you don't stop. that's one hell of a story, frank. yeah, well, this is prison. everyone's got a hell of a story. anyway, that's enough for one night. i'm going to go to bed. my story started with my grandmother. she was sick. and she needed money. and i found a way to get it for her. holy shit. this is the best thing ever. i love the both of you so much. this was your doing. harvey, we're making progress. holy shit, this is the best egg roll ever. jesus christ, get me out of here. this is so awesome. i mean, i haven't been this stress free since i took gold in the math lympics and esther went to fat camp in the same week. esther went to fat camp? they called it violin all stars, but we all know what that's code for. and if you so much as picture her in a schoolgirl outfit. harvey come on, louis, we're all feeling good. you telling me you never slipped up and had an inappropriate relationship? louis, i don't want to know the answer to that. i did. it was the most shameful night of my life. harvey, don't. what exactly was so shameful about it? well, she was a paralegal. and i took mud with her. i don't understand. are you saying you sullied her reputation? no, i'm saying i sullied the concept of mud. what the hell are you talking about? what, do i need a bullhorn? i had a premature muddification. what the hell does that mean? i think we all know what that means. it means i couldn't hold my mud. i still don't know what that means. did you take a shit in the mud? no, that's disgusting. what part of this conversation isn't disgusting? i know i'm going to regret asking this. who exactly was it? i cannot tell you that information. okay, good, because the truth is. it was missy dietler. louis, i'm going to ask you a question. i want you to tell me the truth. does missy dietler know that you couldn't hold your mud? louis oh, heavens, no. the turkish silt was thick enough to prevent her from feeling it, so. was it thick enough to hide you wanting to go to sleep after? oh, my god, she knew. i got news for you, louis, they always know. oh, you're so right. you're so right. she. i need minutes to myself. mike and that's it. i cut a deal and now i'm here. wait a second. if you're a fake lawyer, they had to give you a chance to turn on someone to get out of it. they did. so, why the hell didn't you do it? because i wouldn't have been able to live with myself. somebody out there owes you a lot. yeah, well. i owe him a lot, too. so, what, you're. you're, like, a good guy or something? am i? what do you mean? i left the woman i love at the altar today. why did you do that? because i didn't want to chain her to me if there was even the chance that she would regret it. then, yeah, you're a good guy. thanks, frank. one thing about everyone being gone. we got the run of the place. i never knew what the ceiling looked like in here. it's like the breakfast club. do you ever not quote a movie? no, and if you've got a problem with that, frankly, my dear, i don't give a damn. you're an idiot. you think louis is going to be okay with me now? i think we're about to find out. louis harvey, what i was saying before? you don't need to say anything, louis. i'm not going to tell anyone. that's not what i was going to say, it's not the only inappropriate relationship i ever had. i recorded you saying that you knew about mike and i almost gave it to anita gibbs. did you know about this? no. but i suspected when he tried to get me to turn you in to gibbs with him. what exactly was your response to that request? louis she said we didn't need to do that. and if it came to it, you would take the bullet for both of us. i would have. i'm sorry. harvey, i almost ruined your life. harvey you don't need to be sorry, louis. the truth is, i'm the one that ruined all of our lives when i hired mike. and i never apologized to either one of you for it. but i will now. i'm sorry. so, we good? we're good. all right, now that the two of you have made peace, let's figure out how we're going to win this war. which starts with knowing how much we have in our war chest. what exactly does that mean? it means it's time to answer the question that she asked two hours ago. how much money do we have? this again? jessica louis. after everything we've been through tonight, how hard could it be for us to write down how much we're worth right now? i need another minutes to myself. harvey again? oh, harvey, let him go. he probably doesn't have as much as we do and it's a vulnerable thing for him. vulnerable? he just told us he jerked off in the mud an hour ago. you don't think he's going to do that right now, do you? based on what he just told us, he doesn't need minutes for that. you want to call her? what? your fianc e. you want to call her? what are you talking about? i'm talking about my first night in here. i remember thinking what i wouldn't give to let jennifer know i was okay. thing is, i couldn't. but you can. i thought we weren't allowed to have phones in here. yeah, well, i wasn't allowed to make inside trades either. but i did. and now i'm in here. what else are they going to do? uh, thanks, but. i just. i just can't right now. whenever you want, phone's right here. let's try to get some shut eye, man. donna you okay? rachel he's everywhere. he's all around here, donna. like. the first place we met was down the hallway. and the first time we kissed was in the library. and i, i met his grandmother feet from here. and right here, he told me the truth. rachel. he was standing right where you are and i was upset with him about something that i don't even remember. and then he told me that he had lost everyone in his life. and then he told me he was a fraud. and then, we. you're going to get through this. i know. i just wish i could see him. what do you mean? you can see him. no, i can't. i called the prison. you called the prison tonight? yes, because i wanted to know if he was okay. and they. they wouldn't give me any information. so, then, i asked them about visitation and they said that i had to wait and i had to get on a list. and. how long? at least a month. i don't know what to say. you always know what to say. not this time. excuse me ladies, sorry to interrupt, but i think we might have a problem. what is it, benjamin? we're being hacked. oh, that's a tidy little sum you've got there. you're not doing so bad yourself. no, i am not. not bad for two people that came from nothing. i didn't come from nothing and you know it. bet it still feels pretty good to write that number down. oh, it sure does. you're still a little high, aren't you? i sure am. there, you wanted to know my net worth, you got it. holy shit. who are you? are you a king? no, i'm just not an idiot. what the hell have you been doing with your money? louis, we're not exactly poor. that's what bolivia says to the u.s., but if nato goes to war, they're not kicking in dick. well, if you're so damn rich, why didn't you pony up for donna's salary when you had the chance? do you even know how to spell fiscal responsibility? i know how to spell cheap. jessica all right, you know, that's enough. at least now we know we have enough to fund ourselves for a while. do you guys have two rich uncles? because i'm not carrying your asses if this thing drags out. louis, this is a team effort, i swear to god, if you don't come through on this. i hate to interrupt your breakfast club moment, but you need to sober up. donna, what is it? according to benjamin, the partners didn't just leave. they're coming after every client we have. all right, give me an update and give it to me in plain english. benjamin i was able to shut the hack down, but not before they got all three of your clients' files. shit, they're trying to put us in the ground tonight. then we have to stop it before it even gets started. well, the only problem with that is that we don't know what bullshit story they're out there selling right now. then we need to figure it out and we need to figure it out fast. that's the main line, what should we do? donna. pearson specter litt, may i help you? one moment, please. it's for you, it's jim reynolds. that's decker pharmaceutical, don't take it, he's leaving us. louis, he's my oldest client, i'm not ducking his call. jessica. put him on speaker. jim, how can i help you? jim you can tell me what's going on there. i've been hearing a lot of rumors and i need to hear the truth from you. all right jim, you want to hear the truth? we went out for the afternoon and when we got back, every partner in the place was gone. but i'm telling you, the name partners are still here and we can still service you and the board. jim i know you can. then you're not calling to say that you're leaving us. jim i was calling to tell you i've been sent notice. they're bifurcating your firm and the other partners have nothing to do with pearson specter litt anymore. jessica thanks, jim. i appreciate it. and i won't forget it. jim jessica, if you're not back on your feet by the end of the month, i won't be able to hold off the board. if we're not back by the end of the month, i will call the board and resign from service myself. isn't this good? they're not trying to poach. it's just as bad. what do you mean? it means they don't care about clients right now. they're bifurcating the firm because they want their buy ins back. and they hacked us to get our clients' information so that they could deliver notice. we need to move the money that we have in every account by tomorrow. we don't need to move it. we need to use it. if you're thinking what i think you're thinking, you're a genius. what are you talking about? we can use their buy ins to settle the class action lawsuits. and they won't be able to sue us for the money back because it will already be gone. you really are a genius. thanks, harvey. uh, might i point out that i was the one that brought the hacking to your attention in the first place? so it's. gallo you might as well tell me what's on your mind. i can hear you staring at the wall from all the way over here. how do you handle it? being away from jennifer for so long. you trust each other, visit each other, and don't ask questions you don't want answers to. that doesn't sound like fun. yeah, well, it shouldn't be that hard for you. you're only here for two years. i'm here for five more. jesus. you're telling me. you know, maybe i'll just send rachel a text. you know, let her know that i'm okay. sure thing, kid. just give it back when you're done. well, now that we're starting fresh, can we please finally get rid of that hideous duck painting? no, louis, we can't. why not? because it's like you. i can't stand it, but it's part of the family. speaking of family, where's gretchen? i can't believe she would walk out on us, too. she didn't. we were supposed to be at the wedding so i gave her the day off to go to the orthodontist. orthodontist? yeah, the woman's in her s, she still wears a retainer. jessica all right, we have a game plan. tomorrow morning, we offer them cents on the dollar to settle these suits. and from this point on, we are all committing to giving this firm every ounce of blood, sweat and tears we have. what is it? i just got a text from mike. what does it say? it says that he's settling in and that he's getting along well with his roommate. and that he thinks he's going to be okay. maybe he's going to be okay, but his roommate's in for trouble. to trouble. to trouble. gallo hey. what? she texted you back. what did she say? said she got your text, she misses you, and she's glad you get along with your roommate. thanks, frank. for everything. all right, let's go. come on, you've got to get out before the next shift. they can't know i let you switch. switch what? i'm in the right cell. i'm in the one you gave me. yeah, but this isn't the one they gave me. what? you're in the right cell, i'm not. what the hell are you talking about? the only thing i told you tonight that's true is that you shouldn't trust people in here. but you did and now i know all about you. why the hell would you do that to me? you said you could have turned on a guy to get out of here but you didn't, because you owe him. well, i owe that son of a bitch, too. harvey. yeah, harvey specter put me away years ago. i've been dreaming about getting him back ever since. then i read about you in the paper, i realized i could get back at him without ever leaving these walls. you son of a bitch. take it easy, mike. you remember i know about you. and i've got your little girlfriend's number right here. . . . .subtitles by. . . 