 and now, to watch the coronation derby comes her majesty the queen. her car bearing the royal standard moves slowly down the course from tatnum corner. accompanied by the duke of edinburgh, the queen waves acknowledgement to the welcoming cheers. the crowds pour their appreciation for the dashing handsome couple, a symbol of a new era. half a million people. at a racecourse. thanks to the coronation, your sister is now the most famous woman in the world. yes. but i'm the luckiest. and on our romantic trip to rhodesia. official duty in rhodesia. with the man i love. secretly love. i will be the happiest. i've got a story, chief. it's important. as long as it's not about the royal family, bill, i'm all ears. it is about the royal family, chief. let me guess, how thanks to one beautiful young woman, one short televised ceremony. oh, thank you, bob. a tired anachronistic institution has rejuvenated, a nation is liberated from the austerity of rationing and war, our place as a leading power in the world has re established when it seemed to be slipping. what a load of bollocks. snifter? i shouldn't. oh, go on. it's nearly lunchtime. papers, sir. thanks, mary. my job. it's princess margaret. what about her? leaving the abbey on the day of the coronation, i saw her picking a piece of fluff off a man's uniform. fluff? yes. fluff. jesus, bill, i thought we did serious reporting here. this is serious because the man in question, her father's former equerry, group captain peter townsend, is a commoner, and wait for it, a divorced commoner. historically, when this lot brush up against divorce you end up with either reformation or abdication. will church and state clash again? it's a big story. so are comet jet planes dropping out of the sky, stalin's death ushering in a power reshuffle in the soviet union. let me write it up, chief. i've got a feeling about this one. based on what? what are you doing, man? picking fluff off a man's jacket that's a gesture as intimate as a kiss, more intimate, since it suggests the kiss has already happened. no. i'm sorry, bill. i can't hold the front page for a bit of fluff. let me write it, chief. then you decide. all right. make sure it's peppery. make sure it pops. yes, sir! switchboard. good morning, your royal highness. good morning. i would like to speak to my sister, please. one moment, please. london. buckingham palace, please. victoria , . hold the line. buckingham palace, good morning. go ahead, please. i have her royal highness the princess margaret for her majesty. certainly, sir. thank you. can you hold the line? sir, princess margaret for her majesty. thank you. hello? i have her royal highness the princess margaret for her majesty. yes, sir, breakfast room. breakfast room yes, sir. telephone call for you, ma'am. yes? her royal highness the princess margaret, your majesty. thank you. hello, you. hello, you. so, i was wondering if you had a free evening soon where we all might have dinner together. before i go to rhodesia. i'm sure i do. thursday? mummy's out. i'd have to check. lovely. and, who's us all ? you, and me, and philip and. and i'd like to bring peter if i may. what, peter peter? yes, peter. oh. what does that mean, oh? nothing. oh, how nice. there's something we'd like to discuss with you. oh? there you go again. sorry. am i going to be given a clue? no. oh. stop it. sorry. so thursday evening, then? you'll check? fine. it will be such fun. lovely. lovely. oh. here we are. sir. lovely, thank you. sir. what's your name then, my darling? thank you, gentlemen, thank you. thank you very much, gentlemen, thank you. you're too kind, you're too kind. a special guest joins us this afternoon, who's just returned from a year in post revolutionary cairo working as a photojournalist. our fellow lunch club member, tony longdon. all night longdon. thank you, chaps, it's very nice to be back, i must say. ladies, might we close the shutters, please? lovely! i am, as baron says, fresh from the streets of cairo, and i'm still trying to digest the hurricane of popular uprising, violent military coup and revolution that i have just witnessed. bloody natives. you all know king farouk. colourful character. he owned more than a hundred cars. almost as much as me. had them all painted red. splendid. he used to race them through streets of cairo, shooting at any pedestrians who happen to get in his way. hear, hear. peasant shoot! probably why he was forced to abdicate last year. and now, this man, nasser, is the name on everyone's lips. he has the charisma to unite not just his own country, but the entire arab world. stirring up anti western, anti monarchical sentiment. this is shepheard's. a famous british hotel. a symbol of colonial rule. before riots. god. .and after. that writing. what does it say? death to the imperialists. however, it's not all doom and gloom. mike, got something a little special for you here. now, that's what i'm talking about. give him a tip. don't tell my wife. good tip. where were you today? nowhere. well, clearly somewhere. but nowhere that would interest you. it's a lunch club. where? soho. oh. with just men. talking about women. no. talking about egypt if you must know. and the revolution that's just taken place there. along with the unrest in croatia, albania, montenegro, yugoslavia, hungary, italy. please take note. yes, a little bit about the fairer sex over coffee and the odd brandy. what do you expect? it's a gentlemen's lunch club. so, what's the guest list for tonight? no one. just you, me, margaret and, oh, peter. what? townsend peter? why on earth did we have to dress up? she insisted. she wanted to make it a special occasion. with him? isn't that a contradiction in terms? he's not been a naughty boy, has he? i know as much as you do. it will be fine. come on. we'd like to be left alone now. yes, ma'am. just leave it. thank you. excuse me. i asked you here tonight because. there is something i wanted to discuss with you. i think you already know that over the years with peter being so much part of our family, and away from his own so much, a friendship has developed between us. and then, ever since papa's death hitting me so hard, and with your succession and coronation and you being more and more occupied, peter has become almost my sole companion, and i his. and so when his divorce came through in december last year, i suppose it was only natural that we both started thinking about what kind of. future we might have together and we have reached a decision in april, wasn't it? just before the coronation. that one day. we wanted to. well, you know. marry? yes. goodness. well, of course, we're aware of the complications and issues at stake. oh, lilibet, you've known for a while about peter and i. this can't really be a terrible shock to you. no, not at all. it's wonderful. is there anything you'd like to ask us? does your wife know? no, ex wife. she does. we had a frank conversation. there is no animosity. oh, good. and the boys? they know and seem very happy. so. do i have your permission? as sovereign? oh. well. of course, i'll have to take advice. on the how's and where's and. all official matters, but if it's what you desire. more than anything in the world. then as your sister, i'm never going to oppose it. oh, thank you. thank you. thank you. i'm so happy. i'm so happy. oh, well. congratulations, both of you. thank you, sir. i suppose it had better be philip from now on. thank you, sir. oh, philip. you knew? not the extent of it. but you didn't think to mention it? i don't like it. any of it. for one thing, it will create the most enormous scandal. nor do i believe in them as a couple. he's too old for her. and he had some sort of breakdown during the war. now that's all in the past. besides, that's why he got on with my father so well. not to mention the fact he's dull. he's not dull. desperately dull. i'm confident i've met more interesting plants. not to mention it's a terrible thing to do to you. why? because of the position it puts you in as a sister and as a queen. has everyone forgotten the catastrophe that was your uncle already? the situation's different. one party divorced? the other royal? sounds pretty similar to me. that was years ago. the world has changed. the rest of the world has. nothing changes in the court of st. james. besides, we have a son and heir. there's no realistic prospect of margaret becoming queen. and one can see the attraction. in peter? yes. he's a handsome war hero. divorced war hero. and blameless in that divorce. no. there's no such thing as a blameless party in a divorce. his wife had an affair with another man. because he was always around here, sniffing around your sister. he was looking after my father. and sniffing around your sister. stop it. anyway, i thought you liked him. liked him? i mean, i respect him for what he did in the war, certainly. he plays bridge well. and he's a good pilot. and he's a good influence on margaret. is he? if he were a good influence he'd patch things up with his wife, and leave margaret well alone. night, bill. goodnight. potentially. goodnight, sir. yeah. this had better be good. it is. bloody hell. you did say peppery. pepper is one thing. this is gelignite. i know. what are you doing? i can't run this without going upstairs. what? don't look at me like that. live in the real bloody world for a moment, will you? margery, hello, yes. is he there? yeah, just for a few minutes. this is not just inflammatory, it breaks all the rules. what rules, sir? the unspoken rules of deference and respect shown by the media to the royal family. but surely those rules changed the moment they invited television into the coronation. that was their right, and a huge concession. to what? popular interest. their interest also. look at their standing now, it's never been higher. the question we in the fourth estate need to be asking ourselves is, do we let ourselves be used, or do we have our own independent voice? don't get moralistic with me. if we don't break this story, do you think nobody else will? i know there's plenty of others sniffing around it, sir. oh, thank you for letting me know. of course, tommy, thank you for understanding. i'm sorry. no, i'm sorry. i imagine it must be difficult being dictated to like that by an employee. i wasn't dictated to. am i missing something? you said this editor was telling you what he was going to print in your newspaper. he is. but i can't keep telling him what to write. i thought that was the point of owning a newspaper. look, i'm just trying to help you, tommy. i suggest you see this for the kind gesture that it is. what? that you are about to print an article that will cause deep distress to senior, let's be quite clear, the most senior members of the royal family? that i'm warning you. that i'm giving you the heads up. i'm on my knees with gratitude. stop. can you shut that? your majesty. a story is about to break in the press identifying peter townsend not just as the companion of princess margaret. but as her likely future husband. we understand that the paper is to feature a profile of group captain townsend, details of his marriage and subsequent divorce, along with an editorial about other notable divorcees to have been associated with members of the royal family. should we deny it all? with respect, ma'am, it's a little late for that. this horse has already bolted. your royal highness? her majesty the queen for you, your royal highness. on the telephone. hello. hello, you. bad time, good time? good time. always. look, i've been wracking my brain about how i can best help you. now, you know that the church of england doesn't permit the remarriage of divorced persons if the husband or wife of the former marriage is still alive. yes. well, i was just wondering, if you and peter had considered scotland? to live? no, for the wedding. why? because it would be more low profile? well, actually, i was thinking of legal reasons. marriage isn't regarded as a sacrament in the church of scotland. it is not as binding in the same way as here. meaning, meaning we could even get married in a church? well, i'd have to check, but i think so. that would be so lovely. lilibet, thank you so much. it would make my life a lot easier too. sorry, lilibet. what for? i think you're going to get a visit from mummy about all this. oh. i realize i'm not making anyone's life easy. yours especially. but i'm determined to do this for you. to give you what you want. thank you. i can't wait to tell peter. i'd better go. tommy. your majesty. mummy. this is a surprise. i am a mother of two daughters whom i love equally. it seems that they each have problems of equal size. obviously, we want margaret to be happy, to have the man she wants. yes. but we must do everything in our power to protect you as queen. and as a sister. protect me from what? i've given margaret my word and i'm determined to support her. they can marry in scotland, where i'm not head of the church. your majesty, i fear the matter is more intricate. let's be quite clear. if margaret were to marry peter, it would be a scandal. don't mistake your current popularity for long term security. your uncle's affair and abdication almost destroyed the monarchy. this could too. tommy? ma'am, what do you know about the royal marriages act of ? george ii? third, ma'am. he had two younger brothers, william and henry. both of whom, i'm assuming, made undesirable marriages. one to an illegitimate shrew, the other to a disreputable jade, which caused an outrage in parliament and the church. now in response, george iii asked his prime minister, lord north, to rush through a royal marriages act to prevent any future wilful young prince or princess from making an ill advised or disadvantageous match which might threaten the integrity of the royal house. it decrees that until the age of , any member of the royal family must secure the sovereign's permission to marry. but? but, not thereafter. i see. so. if margaret were to wait until after her th birthday, she would be free to make any decision she likes without your consent. the important thing is, it protects your relationship with both church and government. well, i can see the advantages of that. but, what's in it for her? mummy, she's only . what does she do in the meantime? in the meantime, she and peter wait. preferably, in separate countries. what? it's the only way to contain the story, ma'am. thank you, sir. good morning, sir. out of my way! come. margaret! no! margaret! just until your th birthday. then, you would be free to do as you wish. look me in the eye and tell me. is it a posting or is it a banishment? it's a posting. i promise. it's just a way of managing the story, keeping it off the front pages. not a heartless attempt to split us up? no, of course not. papa did the same for philip and me. he made us wait. for three months. this is for two years. think of it. two years. why did you even dangle scotland under my nose? sorry. all right. if i do this for you, will you promise me that this banishment. posting. this banishment won't start until after our trip to rhodesia? you know how much we've been looking forward to it. you're going to deny us that as well? it's the sensitivity of you two together. the photographers. it would overshadow everything. but when you get back, you'll have some time together. alone. i promise you that. they offered me johannesburg. i refused. then singapore. i refused that too. then they came back with brussels. it's dreary, but at least it's close. the whole thing feels like a completely unnecessary, unjustifiable punishment. i know. perhaps your sister sensed that. that is why she's asked me to go to northern ireland. what for? to accompany her on her trip to belfast this week. to. put on a show of public approval. that's something, i suppose. no substitute for rhodesia, though. no one wanted philip. she dug her heels in, got the man she wanted, didn't she? she did. we ought to head back. come on. no, wait. kiss me. you know we won't be able to back at the house. your majesty. tommy. just to run through the order of the day. yes. we'll be met at the airport by the governor of northern ireland, lord wakehurst. from there, we will be going to the belfast city boundary to be met by the lieutenant of the city of belfast. after that, we will be presented to the lord mayor, alderman percival brown, and the town clerk, john dunlop. followed by a city luncheon at civic hall. the other way around, i think. ma'am? a civic luncheon at city hall. forgive me. is everything all right? i do hope it wasn't a mistake inviting the group captain to join us. you've never cared for him, tommy. no, i cared for him as long as he did his job and knew his place. my father held him in high regard. as a member of staff, not as a member of the family. he has been a good friend to us all. too good, i would argue. and he let his wife go in the process. he was innocent in that regard. she left of her own accord. and he's a wonderful father to those boys. i'm just trying to manage a difficult situation, ma'am. as am i. sending him away will break my sister's heart. hearts mend. was there anything else? no. your majesty. .bringing her majesty the queen on a visit to northern ireland. her majesty now walks towards three year old eileen hall, who presents her with a bouquet. the queen, who wears a coat of vivid blue shantung with a matching hat, finds herself sharing the limelight with group captain townsend, who accompanies her on the tour. the crowd get a last glimpse of the queen and her husband before they begin the drive to city hall. en route, thousands pack the streets to bid them welcome. the royal couple are welcomed onto balmoral showground, where , ex servicemen and women are gathered to pay tribute to their sovereign. many ulster schools and youth organizations are represented, and they all have a smile and a wave for the queen. as london papers called once more today for a statement from buckingham palace to clarify the rumours of a romance between princess margaret and group captain townsend, newspaper editors from all over the world sent their photographers to scrutinize townsend's face, hoping for a clue. the queen can't be used to sharing the limelight with a member of her household. but the gathered crowds certainly seem as interested in group captain townsend as in her majesty. turn it off. certainly, ma'am. the crowds had to jostle with members of the press and television for following the royal party's every move. i brought him along to show my gratitude for his years of service and to support my sister. and i had hoped that attention on margaret and peter would fade away. but i could barely hear myself speak today. the solution is an obvious one. which is? bring forward the group captain's relocation with immediate effect. but that would mean him missing his reunion with my sister in london? and i gave her my word. well, sometimes best intentions need to be reconsidered, your majesty. you can always blame it on me. no. let's wait hours. things might calm down tomorrow. your majesty. your majesty. the lambeg drummers, ma'am. a special orangemen's welcome. townsend? captain townsend? townsend. captain. may god give you wisdom, loyalty and faithfulness. and may the future bring peace, contentment and true happiness to the people of northern ireland. townsend! townsend! townsend! do you have a moment, lilibet? yes, of course. i just wanted to apologize for all the press attention. and to thank you for inviting me along in the first place. i do appreciate the gesture. it's the least i could do. i regretted having to take you off the rhodesia trip. yes. margaret and i were so looking forward to it. we have so many shared interests, as you know, we enjoy doing everything together. we had hoped to find some time together during her days off. walking, swimming, riding. but not to be. no. anyway, nice chatting. ma'am, if you wouldn't mind. just wondering if her majesty has had time to think about the matter. she has. take care of it, tommy. in whatever manner you see fit. yes, ma'am. thank you, your majesty. good night, sir. thank you so much, peter. ma'am. group captain townsend. the man of the moment . do come up. will you sit? following consultation with the government, the foreign office, and her majesty's press secretary, the decision has been taken to move forward your posting to brussels with immediate effect. a car is waiting to take you first to your apartment, where you will pack, and then directly to the airfield. the plane for brussels leaves in just under three hours. there was some concern that that might not give you enough time, but i felt sure that as a military man packing quickly and unsentimentally would come as second nature to you. but that isn't what was agreed. the agreement between margaret and her majesty the queen, with the certain knowledge of her majesty the queen mother, was that margaret and i were to spend some time together upon her return from rhodesia. before i travelled to brussels. forty eight hours at least. your proposal is a direct contravention of that agreement. well, i cannot, nor would i ever presume, to know the intimate details of whatever agreements have or have not been made within the family. what i can tell you is that the position of air attach at the embassy fell vacant unexpectedly early and needs filling right away. of course, a crucial position like the air attach to the embassy at brussels cannot be left vacant for very long. i ask only that it remain so until after the princess returns, as i was promised. i'm afraid that will not be possible. tommy. i understand you're only trying to do your job. but one thing the trip to northern ireland has made very clear to me is that the romance between margaret and myself has caught the public eye. there is a momentum for us, a sense of joy and celebration which you would be wise to acknowledge. the people can clearly see the sincerity of the love between margaret and me, and i would advise you not to reprehend us for that. such an act could backfire. and now, if i may give you some advice in turn, peter. that when referring to a member of the royal family, you use the appropriate title. in this case, her royal highness. when referring to the woman i love, and who loves me, and who is soon to be my wife, i'll call her what i damn well like. her name is margaret. car, townsend. waiting. tick, tick, tick. bon voyage. a tiny white community, surrounded by primitive africans, grew into a young and flourishing nation with the ever brightening promise of more prosperity before it. hurry up! yes, sir! we honour a man of remarkable vision, who saw how great this land could become, once civilized. i wish continued prosperity and success to all those who inhabit it. ladies and gentlemen, please stand for the royal courtesy. telegram for princess margaret. the queen! to the queen! thank you. madam. thank you. i need to speak to my sister. now! switchboard. her royal highness needs to make an urgent call to her majesty the queen. a secure line will be required. putting you through. foreign office. how may i direct your call? buckingham palace. victoria , . i have her royal highness the princess margaret for her majesty the queen. sir. sir. princess margaret for her majesty the queen. on a secure line. of course! what's taking so long? well, i gather we have the secure line, ma'am. they're just having trouble locating her majesty. what can be so difficult? she's the queen. she's fairly conspicuous. she can't disappear. sandringham house, good evening. yes, sir. she's here. arrived about an hour ago. yes, sir, right away. ma'am, i've located the queen. the strip made up for it at ascot but we're really trying not to let this happen again. i think he's a little bit inexperienced. what, the jockey, ma'am? yes, i do. telephone, your majesty. right. yes, i'd like his scope recorded for the first quarter mile tomorrow morning. yes, ma'am. and then we might have to think about pairing him with another rider. yes, ma'am. yes? how could you? margaret. you gave me your word. promised me he'd still be there when i got back. i did. why has he been sent away? banished like some criminal? things got out of hand. i took you at your word. believed everything you said. how happy you were for me. how you would support us. margaret. you've been against us from the beginning. because you can't bear to be eclipsed. what? can't bear to be outshone by your younger sister. you've never liked it. admit it. you've hated how peter and i caught the popular imagination. hated it enough to want to destroy it. this is madness. well, you fail to protect me. i will fail to protect you in return. margaret. you reap what you sow, sister. the laws of england say that any man, once divorced, is fully entitled to marry again. if those laws are good enough for england, they are good enough for the royal family. i know, but the near holy reverence shown for the crown by the people of britain is a fact of life, as the recent coronation has shown. few other countries in the world retain such regard for their monarchies. but are those centuries of awe drawing to an end? can that veneration be sustained in the light of the royal family's cruelty to its very own members? the royal family in britain has survived a thousand proofs that it is artificial and superfluous and seems to have as deep a hold as ever on the loyalties of the people. it is not likely, however, to survive the clear proof that it is insensate and cruel. the treatment of her sister has now jeopardized the future of the monarchy in britain. in hours, it will have passed. if you're lucky. i fear it will take longer than that for margaret to forgive me. she will in time, she has to. we all have to. your majesty. be right with you. hello, mike. where are you going? i told you. i was away for the weekend. did you? baron's having a house party. who's baron? baron nahoum. president of our lunch club. don't look like that. it's gentlemen only, right? absolutely. perfectly innocent. shall we, old boy? yes, i think let's. snifter en route, eh? toodle oo