 yes, ma'am. girls, it's too soon. i can't do it. i'm not strong enough. margaret that's why you have two grown up daughters. to step in for you in situations like this. i'll do it. thank you but that makes no sense. the speech is for papa about papa. i would like to do it. it's right i do it. you don't enjoy public speaking, whereas i do. and i was pa. what? favorite? margaret are you going to deny it? your father didn't have a favorite. he adored you both. did so equally. as any good father would. margaret mummy, you decide, then. as head of the family. but she's not head of the family. i am. and i will make the speech. ma'am. thank you. thank you. six years ago, i heard the moving words which my father spoke when he unveiled the statue of king george v. i did not think then that in so short a time, i should be called to take his place. but, it is with pride that i unveil this noble statue today. thunder rumbles car engine starts ma'am. man we have been flagging our concern for some time. these latest events, internationally, merely strengthen our view. but sending the queen on this forthcoming tour, in the current climate, would be to put the sovereign in an unacceptable level of danger. what is it you would have the queen do? stay at home in the wake of minor incidents prosecuted by an insurgent rabble? what kind of signal would that send? the crown does not back down. if britain had made a habit of backing down, the world would already be living under the yoke of fascist tyranny and we wouldn't have an empire at all. then might i suggest we bypass gibraltar altogether? adeane it's an approach which i would favor too. she's not ready for something on this scale. she's not yet up to it. especially with so many of our dominions demanding independence. we must be considerate of her. patronize her. no, that's not what i'm saying, sir. yes, it is. hartnell bermuda. jamaica. australia. ceylon. uganda. it's going to be hot, your majesty. to that end, we've been working a great deal with organza, crepe de chine and shantung silk. we also wanted to feature something particular to each location, so we thought sprigs of native wild flowers indigenous to each country that you're visiting. so, on her majesty's arrival in sydney, we propose a white organza dress scattered with pale yellow wattle blossom. how many dresses are there? one hundred. one hundred. and hats? thirty six. pairs of shoes? fifty. isn't this all a bit much? couldn't we try to economize? it is. it was a directive from the government itself, from the very top of the government. to put our best foot forward for great britain. our very best foot. it is an absurd pantomime, the whole thing. i don't know why anyone can't see beyond it. actually, i thought the old ostrich feathers rather suited you. you should wear those more often. man up straight, please. years ago, britain had influence and control over one fifth of the world's population. you look where we are now in india, pakistan, south africa, iraq, jordan, burma, ceylon all independent. but nobody wants to face it or deal with it, so. they send us out on the commonwealth roadshow. like giving a lick of paint to a rusty old banger to make everyone think it's all still fine. but it's not. the rust has eaten away at the engine and the structure. the banger is falling apart. but no one wants to see it. that's our job, that's who we are. the coat of paint. if the costumes are grand enough, if the tiara's sparkly enough, if the titles are preposterous enough, the mythology incomprehensible enough, then all must still be fine. are we nearly finished yet? not quite, sir. four hours we've been here already for a costume fitting. uniform, sir, not costume. philip you wear uniforms to battle. this is a costume fitting. lascelles it's just a formality, your majesty, confirming your temporary assumption of duties as councilor of state while her majesty is abroad. you are so kind to still look after me from your retirement. how much is still in the diary? well, i went through it with major adeane and we tried to throw out as much as we could but there will still be the usual privy council meetings of course, some investitures and military inspections. couldn't we give some of it to princess margaret? i'm just thinking she's had a tough time of it lately. being allowed to shine a bit might be good for her. get her back on track. besides, i had rather hoped to disappear up to scotland for a while. and margaret could deputize for me. townsend the office is tucked away in a remote part of the embassy where no one will see me. so what do you do all day? oh, nothing! they can't keep you there and give you nothing to do. i beg to differ, nothing is all i do. are you at least alone in the office? oh, no, sergeant hewitt is here. he's just walked in. gasps can he hear you? oh, yes. does he watch you? oh, yes. is that the point of sergeant hewitt? it is the only point. oh, god, how awful. well, it's not forever. feels like it, though. two years. sighs without you to protect me. guide me. i feel quite. unanchored without you. yes, but it's what we agreed to do, to help your sister. then we shall be free. dog barks well, that's it. that's me off. see you when you're back from the tour in. weeks. well, call me if you need anything. yes. you won't, of course. you don't need me anymore at all. yes, of course i do. no, you don't. neither of you does. i have two grown up daughters quite capable of looking after themselves now. who is it that you're staying with? the vyners. up in caithness at the northern gate? dunnett head? goodness. that's the end of the earth. yes. a chance to really get away from it all. have a good think. about what? everything. well, don't think too much or too deeply. it just gets one in a muddle. oh, by the way, i've arranged for margaret to deputize for me while i'm gone, as head of state. why? well, someone needs to do it. can't have people turning up for knighthoods and some civil servant handing them out. well, if you think she's up to it. up to what? standing still, looking pretty and putting a sword on a few people's shoulders? and making speeches? which will be written for her. and turning up on time. there are people who will get her where she needs to be. and behaving herself. she will be fine. and you, if you'll allow me for just one moment? please. you need to give margaret some room. some space in which to shine. she needs to shine, that one. and, as elder sister, you ought to be confident and generous enough to respect that. i am. are you? on your knees. is that absolutely necessary? course! i want to be sure i know what i'm doing before you go. all right. i hope you have a steady hand. you seem uncharacteristically jumpy. guilty conscience, perhaps? why should i have a guilty conscience? have a think. if you mean peter and his posting. banishment. that wasn't my doing, i was simply acting on the government's advice. the idea came from your henchman. now, that's a little firm. was it? yes. and it's the flat edge, remember? oh, sorry. so how is he? peter? he's getting on with it. uncomplainingly. because that's what strong men do. but it's a lonely existence in brussels. no real job, stuck in a small flat, followed by photographers, having to steer clear of all the parties, steer clear of all the traps. what traps? traps being set for him. those who would wish to lead him astray. catch him in a compromising position. those who would cheer the dissolution of our friendship. margaret, you're imagining things. am i? yes. and anyway, it's not for much longer. two years? yes, but the first three or four months will fly by while you're kindly filling in for me. i'll try not to upstage you. how kind. i can't promise i won't bring my own character to it. well, i never expected anything less. that's the advantage of having a character to bring. too much character, an excess of character. now, look at me and tell me you didn't say that without a little bit of envy. just remember who you're standing in for when i'm gone. my characterless sister. your queen. not a showgirl. cheering reporter .were introduced to the people of bermuda for the very first time. the royal couple then flies to jamaica. continues indistinctly churchill the last time you departed on this tour, it was cruelly cut short by the death of your dear father. in his final months, the king told me many times that he could feel it all slipping away. the empire, our place in the world. he saw this tour as a chance to keep each dominion close, preserving that empire. so take him with you in spirit. let his let his example guide you. his thoughts influence you. i will. and, if i may. never let them see the real elizabeth windsor. the cameras, the television. never let them see that carrying the crown is often a burden. let them look at you. but let them see only the eternal. thank you, winston. your majesty. cheering doris well done! you made it! queen mother if it was easy to come here, everybody would. thank god it isn't, and they don't. vyner will you want a rest? certainly not! i've been sitting for hours. i want a nice, long walk! or, better still, a ride! queen mother go on! go. queen mother oh, scotland! the beauty! i'd almost forgotten what it feels like to have the spirits lifted. well, you're welcome to stay any time to get away from it all. you'd soon grow sick of me. you know what they say, guests and fish! laughing or you could become a neighbor. there's a castle along the coast for sale. they're threatening to tear it down. the owner can't afford to keep it up. oh, chap called imbert terry. strange fellow. rumor is, that on occasion, he sings to the seals that swim past the castle. laughs oh, how queer. has it been very difficult? it has. i don't want to sound self piteous but loss has followed loss. first and foremost, the loss of a husband. then the loss of a home, having to leave the palace. the loss of motherhood, as daughters become adults. loss of a routine, a sense of purpose. the loss of a crown. imagine, years' experience as queen and being the head of the family. bertie was a wonderful husband and father, but he needed a great deal of help as king. and then we lose him and, at precisely the moment when they should be giving me more to do, stop me falling into despair, they take it all aw they take it all away. they put it all into the hands of a girl who's totally unequipped for it. i'm so sorry. so sorry. elizabeth bermuda will always have a distinguished position within the british commonwealth. a position which will, i trust, remain unshaken by the storms through which the world is passing. my husband and i have been deeply touched by the welcome we have received here. bermuda holds and will always hold a warm place in our hearts. may god bless you all. cheering i thought that went well, ma'am. message delivered loud and clear, i'd say. stay loyal or die. is that it now? can we knock off? i'm afraid not, sir. without wishing to rush you, ma'am, we do need to move on as quickly as possible. yes, of course. knocking adeane your majesty? so sorry, ma'am, i really can't manage any faster. please don't worry. ready for you, ma'am. give her a chance! it's like being in the navy again. eight minutes. not nine, not seven. adeane then to the next location where you'll make a speech to ex servicemen at the royal yacht club, then by ferry to visit a school near mangrove bay on the west of the island. then you will host a garden party here at the governor's house, for a thousand or so guests, where we're hoping to find a moment for the ceremonial planting of a tree. philip will we find a moment during any of this to use the lavatory? i do hope tomorrow's better. i'm afraid not, sir. up at for a a.m. flight to jamaica. philip here we go again, waving like lunatics. oh, god, with any luck, one day, they'll all own television sets and they won't come out like this again. ma'am, sir, just before we take off, i thought i might go through the itinerary for our first day in jamaica. goody. yes. do sit down, michael. thank you. we arrive at noon to be greeted by the governor and representatives of the west indian islands. a guard of honor will be formed by the jamaican constabulary. reporter this is the picture we shall never forget in jamaica. the lovely lady and the tall, handsome figure of the sailor, her husband. so near to all the children that they can almost be touched. so graceful and so near. knocking page colonel charteris thought you might like to see the speech for tomorrow night, ma'am. give you a chance to prepare. thank you. margaret oh, dear. would you bring me a pencil, please? ma'am? and ask colonel charteris if he'd be so kind as to come and see me in the morning. from all over the west indies, people have come here today for this ceremony, expressing their loyalty to her. page good morning, sir. good morning. knocking, door opens come in, martin. your royal highness. the speech for the ambassador's reception tonight. yes, ma'am? this was written for my sister. very well written. thank you. manifestly for her. in her register, reflecting her character, if that's the right word. as we both know, i have a different character. indeed. and, since i shall be deputizing for my sister tonight, i was wondering if i might make one or two minor adjustments to the text? ma'am? give it a bit more color. make it feel a bit more like me. and breathe a little life into it. i'm sure her royal highness appreciates. there'll be important people at the reception tonight. different backgrounds, different sensibilities. the speech has been carefully calibrated to avoid giving offence. and i'd suggest to avoid entertaining too. it's not the sovereign's place to entertain. and i'm not the sovereign. i understand that but you will be there in her place. what about the state diadem tiara? or the cambridge lovers' knot? those are her majesty's and for state occasions. her majesty won't mind. besides, are people not coming tonight expecting to meet a queen? yes. shouldn't we be giving them one? margaret your excellencies. i am delighted to be here tonight, deputizing for my sister, the queen, who is fortunate enough to be on her travels, somewhere between bermuda, jamaica and fiji. distracted, no doubt, by waving fields of sugar cane and graceful palms, by deep blue water beyond white coral sands. by dramatic green hills, thick with vegetation, and the subtle rhythms of dancing and singing. but more vivid, more brilliant even, than the colors of those lovely islands or the echoes of that music or the welcome of cheerful and friendly people wherever my sister may travel, is what i see as i look out from this stage tonight. laughter as i look out at all of you tonight. my. don't you all look wonderful! and shimmering. and positively exotic. and what fine company we have here tonight! our ambassador to the united states of america, sir roger makins. the only honest thing to come out of washington. laughter our dashing ambassador, alec kirkbride, in libya. this one's single, ladies. oh, and of course sir charles peake and his wife from greece. a country which has brought us many things. philosophy, democracy, my brother in law. laughter so to all of you, i say welcome! as a rule, the food here is pretty ordinary. the wine is usually rather good. and i have made sure there is plenty of it. so i have no doubt we will have a wonderful evening. thank you. applause margaret it felt so good. my sister talks all the time of how she isn't suited to it, well. i was born for it. i know. i told them to put as many engagements in the diary as they like for the next few months. investitures, the royal ballet, the debutantes ball. well, why not? oh, couldn't you come and watch me in action? just once. if i thought it were without risk, i would in a flash, but if the papers get hold darling. the papers love us. the people are for us. hm. in their eyes we can do no wrong. philip there will be no sleeping, sir, there's a civic hall to visit. not to mention the ribbons to be cut. and oh, the lunches to be consumed! ready? no. almost. you go ahead. just give me a moment, please, gents. i'll be right with you. okay? thank you. right. what's the matter? there was an ambassadors' reception in london last week. apparently, margaret was dazzling and brilliant. would you have preferred she make a mess of it? no. perhaps. is that awful of me? yes. well, now you know, you didn't marry a saint. i knew that. but i wouldn't worry, i have great faith in her. in margaret? in her ability to mess things up. in the long run. or outshine me. and mess things up. and outshine me. that's unlike you. i'm sorry. you know, there is a danger we might be overdoing it. perhaps it would be prudent, to take a few things out. i mean, australian towns in days. maybe we don't visit all of them. no. no. we keep every appointment. no cancellations. not one. adeane i'm afraid the day does hold some challenges, ma'am. the route's ten miles and the streets are already packed. well, how long will it take? i've allowed two hours. two hours! in a hundred degree heat? i could ask them to increase the planned driving speed a little. but i think the horses might struggle. no, we'll be fine. thank you. reporter here she is at last, amongst us. charming our people in city after city. afternoon in sydney first. then, good hearted adelaide. on to venerable hobart, nestling at the cool feet of mount wellington. that's it. the castle of mey. isn't she bonny? oh, yes! and what a view! vyner captain imbert terry. commander vyner. lady doris. and. we've met. i don't think so. yes, yes. yes, your.your face, it's very familiar. don't say a thing, it'll come to me. may we come in? yes, yes. imbert terry well, if you were to be interested in the property, i'm going to be entirely honest. the roof does need a. does need a bit of work. one or two windows might need replacing and the. the electricity does need, well, installing. and there's no dining room to speak of. nor bathrooms. and i've sold off most of the good shooting and fishing. oh, dear. you're really not a salesman. in fact, the place is in such a state, i'd sooner make a gift of it. i'm afraid i'd be quite unable to accept. why not? it'd be frowned upon. something to do with who i am. you're an actress. a famous film star. no. a singer, then. no. it's on the tip of my tongue! imbert terry it dates back to the mid th century. it was in the. it was in the same family for generations. we bought the place in , and my wife and i had very happy years here. but then, the war came and the place. the solution is obvious. stop smiling. no. the trouble is, i have the sort of face that if i'm not smiling then everyone says, oh, isn't she cross? no, that's not. look, what do you think, doctor? it's a spasm. the muscles are overworked. rest ought to fix it, though. like i said. stop smiling. no. i have an engagement this evening. so, what can be done? well, i could inject the affected area with a relaxant. you'd have to watch yourself with soup, though. you might find you have less control chewing and drinking. and it's not a long term solution. oh. all right. i'll have the injection. philip oh. good god. what, and dribble soup all over your dress? do you know, the other night, i woke up with my right arm out from under the bedclothes. do you know what i'd been doing? i'd been waving to the crowds in my sleep. right. hold still, please, your majesty. reporter american planes, guns and ammunition are helping the french and vietnam forces. russian and chinese weapons are aiding the viet minh. princess margaret dons white overalls when she visits calverton colliery in nottinghamshire. her visit to the coalface a quarter of a mile underground is included in her tour of the colliery which is recognized as one of the most modern in europe. after almost an hour underground, the princess brings back a souvenir, a piece of coal she hewed herself. man did you enjoy the mining, your royal highness? i did, very much. although, it was jolly dusty down there. some even went into my mouth but i can assure you, it tasted delicious. man having experienced the conditions, do you have sympathy for the miners that work there? one couldn't fail to have sympathy for anyone who has to spend their working life down there. it's intolerably dark and hot and cramped. to my eyes, it seemed conditions are still very perilous for these poor, brave men who work underground for so very little. what would you say to the authorities regarding the matter? i have nothing further to say. who's the coal for? i have someone very special in mind. man group captain townsend? are you missing him? yes, i am. very much. man and are you missing your sister, her majesty, the queen? not quite as much, no. laughter townsend why on earth did you say that? what? that you missed me. i did! and i do. i know but that wasn't wise. why not? darling, you can't use a public occasion to take a dig at your sister like that. oh, don't you start too. it's just. the palace won't like it. and we need the palace on our side. who is it you think you'd be letting down, anyway? a koala? this whole thing is a circus. it's a miserable circus. trudging from town to town and we're the dancing bears. what are you doing? i'm taking back this small pleasure. you've taken away too much. no! no, no! those things will kill you! yeah. forty a day your father smoked and now i know why. poor bastard. yeah, he probably took one look at this tour and thought, d'you know what? i'd be better off with cancer. shut up! what is it you're trying to prove? what is it you want to hear him say? bravo, lilibet. manage the whole tour. lilibet never lets you down. ticked every box. never put a foot wrong. now, finally, i love you more than i love margaret. get out! get out! don't touch me. oh, christ! get out! philip! don't you dare come back here! don't be ridiculous! christ! let me go and have a word. no. i'll do it. i'm sorry for that little interlude. i'm sure it must happen in every marriage. now, what would you like me to do? for your newsreel? another gift for your majesty. thank you. churchill your royal highness. when you appear in public performing official duties, you are not you. of course i'm me. expressing political opinions about working conditions in mines, that business at sadler's wells. and no one wants you to be you, they want you to be it. a statue? a thing? the crown. that's what they've come to see. not you. the minute you become yourself, you shatter the illusion, break the spell. what people want is someone to inhabit it. not be frightened of it. make it flesh and blood. bring it to life. your uncle, edward viii, threatened to do just that, impose his individuality on the institution. bring it to life! and he almost destroyed it in the process! you can't seriously be comparing this to the abdication? no, but i've decided that all remaining royal engagements in the queen's absence should be carried out by the queen mother. my mother is in scotland. so i gather. but i sent someone to bring her back. right away! your royal highness. imbert terry we said . what time is it now? well, it's nearly noon. goodness, and i set off in such good time. did you come along the coast? i did. you didn't factor in the wind. you were into the wind this morning. wasn't i just? the good news is, you'll fly back. now. i've, um, i've had a chance to do some thinking. i've spoken to my lawyers and i've come up with a sum that i think is a fair price for this magnificently situated castle. yes, yes, go on. brace yourself. one hundred pounds. what? oh, i'm sorry. is that too dear? no, it's absurd. on the contrary, it's entirely fair, given it'll end up costing you tens of thousands. are you sure? no. the question is, are you sure? i am. all right. congratulations. i hope you'll be very happy here. thank you. i have a feeling i will be. i can get the place cleared out inside a week. oh, only if you've somewhere to go. i do. my sister's a few miles down the coast. now, will i walk you back to the vyners? down wind? that'd be lovely. messenger your majesty, forgive me for disturbing you. i come from the prime minister. he asks that you return to london immediately. whatever for? this is all the information that i have. it seems i must go. oh, my gosh. it's finally come to you. why on earth didn't you say, ma'am? because people always make such a fuss. and stop being themselves. and you would have doubled the price. both chuckle spoken like a true scotswoman. laughs elizabeth now, my speech at valletta. there was one adjustment that i would like to make. i would like to refer to malta as my island of happy memories. very good, ma'am. i shall have the text retyped for your approval. thank you. ma'am, there do remain some security concerns about gibraltar. what concerns? death threats were sent to all the leaders of the major political parties, telling them that, if our tour were to go to gibraltar, our safety can't be guaranteed. philip i told them we should pull out. why? what do you mean, why? because i don't much fancy shuffling the streets of gibraltar like a sitting duck. no. pulling out at this late hour would make us look weak. and it would be a great disappointment to the people of gibraltar. i say we go. i say we don't. i am aware that i am surrounded by people who feel that they could do the job better. strong people with powerful characters, more natural leaders, perhaps better suited to leading from the front, making a mark. but, for better or worse, the crown has landed on my head. and i say we go. commentator the royal yacht britannia sails towards gibraltar. visible on deck, her majesty the queen, and the duke of edinburgh. accompanying britannia, a class destroyers from the mediterranean fleet. .shoot with a gun salute. cheering a powerful signal to the people of gibraltar of the queen and the british empire's enduring support. .magnificent tour has already marked her majesty as a woman of destiny. her return to london after , miles by air, land and sea is a triumph of diplomacy at a challenging time for the empire. not a single item of the enormous list of engagements has been missed. millions have seen and greeted their queen as she leaves the commonwealth charmed and united. it is already clear that her majesty will occupy a place among the famous queens of history and promises a renewed role for britain in the modern world. the empire secure across the four corners of the earth, marking the start of a new elizabethan age. crowd cheers hello. your majesty. aha! yes! adeane ma'am. prime minister's arrived. ready, go! thank you. i'm fast. charles daddy! i'm going to get you. no, no, no! chair! chair! mind the dogs! you can't get away from me! equerry the prime minister, your majesty. congratulations, your majesty. thank you, winston. an unqualified triumph. a narrow escape, i say. it could so easily have gone the other way. but it didn't, and has put us right back where we belong. higher, in fact. and, before the tour, our great nation was in danger of losing much of its status, our influence, our standing. your courage and conviction prevailed. this time, perhaps. but, in time, they will, surely, grow tired of it. grow tired of us. only if the crown and the people representing the crown make mistakes, errors of judgement. my dear sister? yes. what would you have me do? thank you, ma'am. your majesty? her royal highness is on her way. thank you. it's all right. i have been here before. i do know the way. what, in there? yes, ma'am. scoffs goodness! what have i done to deserve this? the brief was simple. perform minor ceremonial tasks with a minimum of fuss. not end up all over the newspapers. i can't help it if they want to write about me. well, it would help if you didn't give them what they crave. character and excitement. instability and drama. well, at least i give them something. you give them nothing. i give them silence. silence is nothing. it's the absence of noise. emptiness. blank page. which allows others to shine. but the monarchy should shine. the monarchy, yes. not the monarch. reparations will need to be made. to whom? to the people you offended. a general, to whom, when asked if you'd like to dance, you replied, yes, but not with you. i believe there was also a debutante you managed to make cry, and the dancers of sadler's wells, whom you refused to meet after arriving late for the performance. you showed individuality. and that made people panic. they don't want individuality. the last person who showed character almost took the ship down. you are enjoying this. not a bit. yes, you are. admonishing your unruly young sister. have you ever thought how it must be for me? many times. at great length. wistfully. you have a role, a clear set of rules. all you have to do is follow them. margaret, you have freedom. all you have to do is enjoy it. you think that i am free? to be constantly in your shadow. constantly the overlooked one. it looks like heaven to me. what you have looks like heaven to me. margaret two sisters who envy one another. elizabeth we wouldn't be the first. pride and joy. remember? what papa called us. yes. elizabeth is my pride and margaret is my joy. but margaret is my joy. i'm sorry. i have to claim the few victories i'm left with. and we're not disputing it, surely? what? that i was papa's favorite. there's a cruel truth to it, isn't there? when there are two sisters so close in age, the more one becomes one thing, the more the other. necessarily becomes the opposite and vice versa. it's the way of things. if one is the queen, must be the source of honor and all that is good, the other necessarily becomes the focus of the most. creative malice. evil sister. no one says you're evil. next to you, i will always be evil. feckless. lost. lesser thing. and yet you spend so much time telling me that i'm a lesser thing. only to give myself a moment's peace. would you consider doing it for me? just from time to time. what? putting a foot wrong. the occasional mistake. let the side down. so i might not be so conspicuous a failure by comparison. you're tired. no, i'm not. not tired. i'm just asking for a future i can bear. margaret. do i have your word that those apologies will be made? we can help you draft letters or make statements. no need