 who is responsible for the wine program. they oversee service to the guests. that's a very simple way to look at it. you know, and i'm just keeping people happy. i'm popping corks, a very simple job. but that is open to interpretation. if you don't work in a restaurant, you're not a sommelier. that's end of story, period. yeah, i don't agree. so a sommelier is somebody that takes care of wine, period. somms are now educators. they're judges. they are suppliers. they are distributors. as soon as i stop working the floor, i'm no longer a sommelier, though. i feel like a sommelier when i'm opening a bottle of wine with a corkscrew. in today's world, sommelier seems to be very cool word where you can put on your business card. i'd like to be alive when that definition is finally written to my satisfaction. can there be any other business where there's so much bullshit? no audible dialogue man to take all of the amount of information in a sommelier's brain and translate it into a digestible form for a guest is not easy. it's because there's there's so many things you want to say, but you don't actually want to do that and scare people off. you actually want to enjoy have them enjoy their meal. there's so much stuff to know about wine and knowing how to taste wine, let alone there's over identified grape varieties. there's also different regions, names, places, producers. there's hundreds and hundreds of thousands of wines that come out every year. woman i think people who are new to wine somehow get the idea that they should know all that stuff about wine before they can enjoy wine, before they can talk about wine, and that's really a shame. when i go to a restaurant and i open up a wine list, it's one of the best parts of my week because it's an adventure. i see a particular geographical location first, and then i start to think about everything that went into making that wine the history, the soil. so for the average person, a wine list is really difficult to read. they're not they're not friendly. you get a wine list in your hand, and you look for that wine that you know, and if it's not there, what do you do? you know, panic sets in. because there's no descriptions. there's nothing there. there's no text. it's just a line with a producer, where it comes from, a vintage, and a price. the wine list becomes a very interesting exercise in social psychology because the sommelier, if there is a sommelier, is where the people are nervous. they're where the people will be very sensitive to the price point. they have no idea what goes with what. man and that's basically the tricky part because it's intimidating. you don't want to look stupid. if you're insecure and on a table and open the wine list, your business partner might perceive that. your date might see that. and you want to look good. so that's kind of where the sommelier steps in, which is great, which is why we have our jobs, so that you have these lists of wines, and there's somebody there that can talk you through what you're looking for. there's a lot of great sommeliers out there, and what they do and the good ones do this they make you take a little vacation while you're sitting in a chair, and suddenly you're being told about some guy on the top of a hill making some crazy wine, doing this amazing job, that's got, like, really old barrels, and there's a dog there, and you're just totally transformed. there is potential energy in these bottles, and there are stories to be told. i don't look at myself as a cork puller. i look at myself as a storyteller. mcclintic i think there's this great misconception that winemaking is this glamorous dream job. you know some place where the wine is produced that's awful? no. all wonderful places. ugly places have never made nice wines. it's not because of ugliness and beauty and beautiness. it's about energies because energies build potential of a place. and if the energies are good, the place are always harmony and beauty. mcclintic yeah, wine is grown in the most beautiful places in the world. but the actual work involved nothing could be further from the truth. wine is about rising to challenges and overcoming adversity, and it's always just a miracle that the stuff actually gets made and gets into the bottle. the things that we're trying to translate into the glass are things that are much bigger than any of us the rocks, the sun, the wind, the rain. those are things that are eternal. a lot of people making their living making wine are everyday farmers. and they spend their life essentially controlling this plant that does not want to be controlled. meredith the grapevine is a true vine, and if you're not growing it on the trellis in a commercial vineyard and you just let it go, it will climb a tree. winemaking is relentless. you know, harvest is going to come when it's going to come, and you need to be ready for it. it's not just that you can harvest these tracks of land by yourself. you have to organize groups of people, sometimes , , people, and they have to be ready on a given day to come together harvesting these grapes. and the logistics are mind numbingly complex, and everything goes wrong, and that's a good harvest. there's over a hundred variables that translate into what's in the glass in front of you. whether it's rain, frost, heat spikes, drought, wind. the weather could come in. you could have a tropical storm that's coming in two weeks before harvest. you can have a good season all year, but when you arrive at a harvest and the weather changes, and you harvest under the rain, the good season. laughs has nothing to say at the end. cauble you don't want to harvest right after the rain because the grapes actually swell, actually absorbing a lot of the water diluting the wines. kruth the other problem is if the weather changes after it rains, you get disease pressure, you get mold. you literally lose of fruit to a fungus. it's a lot of stress. come on, what are you going to do, not harvest the grapes? you have to make the wine, you know, i mean, you live on that for an entire year, and so when the vintage comes, you pick it. mcclintic that's a normal vintage. so there's a lot of unpredictability with a normal vintage. and then there are vintages that are absolutely disastrous. mattiasson there's been plenty of wars and hails and stuff, and they are brutal, but it's the first time i've heard of a earthquake screwing you up during harvest. so at least we have a good story to tell the grandkids on this one. it was, like, the nicest weather we've had in i don't know how long. great year. we dodged the drought bullet. we got spring rains, everything lined up perfectly. we had an earthquake. we were woken up at in the morning with the earthquake. made sure the family's okay, went outside, turn off the gas, all the earthquake stuff. and then try to you know, take stock of what was going on. and the first thing i'm thinking is i gotta find out what's going on with our barrels. all the barrels are that are normally stacked up are all just tossed around in there like a mad giant just went in there and had a temper tantrum. i mean, it was just nuts. this happened two days ago. yeah, so we're still picking up i mean, we're literally just literally picking up the pieces because the pieces are all over the ground right now. our house came off the foundation, and chimneys fell down and all a bunch of stuff busted up. i mean, it's like. heavy, definitely heavy. for some reason, even though our house is totally screwed, and we probably lost a ton of wine, it's kind of exciting in a weird, masochistic way, like, all right, you know. laughs you know, mother nature was creative this year. this was a first. and so the 's always going to carry a special signifier now, along with it, that this is the earthquake vintage and there wasn't as much of it for the producers that lost wine, and i think it's going to be a pretty neat little legacy, this vintage going forward. now this vintage is always going to be marked in that way. i think it's pretty cool. mcclintic when you're talking about a vintage, you're really talking about weather, and weather, unlike climate, is completely variable. there are very few vintages that a winemaker deals with that are problem free, maybe like one every years you get that magical vintage. the reality about vintages is it's variable. every year is different, but a great wine, a great vintage, will age very, very long. man wine is living, and so wine is always evolving. wine is never static. mcclintic wine wants to become vinegar, right? and if you could catch it in the right place on its arc, and it's or years deep, you've got the craziest flavors that you never tasted before. wines with age are probably the dream the winemaker had when he or she made it. and we have the chance to drink in the moment where that dream is realized. we got an ' muscadet. this is a bottle that probably costs about now, for a new retail bottle, this was probably three or four dollars maybe when this bottle was bought. doesn't have to be expensive. it just has to be the right bottle of wine stored the right way, opened at the right time. some of the most expensive wine in the world are crazy old bottles because there's just less of them, and everyone wants to drink them in their peak. i love old wine. i mean, i love old napa cav. i love old barolo. i love old chardonnay. i mean, i think aged wine is just a really beautiful thing. i generally don't like most old wine because wine has to be stored perfectly. some people might think old wine is always good. that's not correct. some wines should be drunk young. and that's just the reality of it. but when you get that, like, magical bottle, that's been stored perfectly for or years and it was meant to be, you know, it gives you an experience that a young bottle of wine can't give you. mcclintic wine does not like heat, and it doesn't like light. wine being stored in your back seat, you know, in the vegas sun for minutes will completely ruin a bottle of wine. there's no better wine than a wine you have at the domaine. for me that's a huge part of the personality of the house, is what's going on in the cellar. the cellar is a very important private place because this is where the wine rests. this is where the wines will change. this is where you keep your old bottles of wine, and that's actually where you spend all of the time. there's a sense in the cellar that man takes the process of growing wine to a point, and that point involves the moment when the cork goes in the bottle. you walk into these cellars, and they're very deep beneath the earth. you're typically you walk down sometimes three or four or five flights of stairs, and you come into this very dark space. we have to duck because the ceiling's a little low, and you can't really see very well. and you get to the bottom, and there's mold everywhere. the cellar is a whole microclimate, i will say, with the right temperature, the right humidity. man the best storage you can think of, you know, it's always about fahrenheit, celsius during the winter or during the summer. you have the vapor from the wine for the bottles, so this create a special environment. cauble you smell the cellar. it almost smells like the personality of the wine. it just smells kind of like a wet, kind of rock, or almost like a bag of mushrooms. and you may have seen some, you know, like mushrooms growing on the bottles, but even on some of the corks. it has no effect on the quality of the wine, but it looks pretty amazing. chave then you have this fungus growing, and this is totally alive. yeah, the latin name is aspergillus niger, the black cellar mold. and we take care of this fungus. it's living from alcohol being in the air, and it's keeping the air fresh, and that's something we are very proud of. it will change according to the time, the year. it's going to turn white, and then it's going to be all black. that's a sign of a very good cellar. they treat this fungus like their little pet. and literally they pet it. you can touch it. it's like a black cotton ball. you know these producers' wines, and you're like, wow, this is why this wine smells like what it does. it's not just the grapes and the soil and the yeast that fermented it. it's actually where it was aged in all of these different funguses. you have the sense in a classic old cellar that that winemaker has taken that bottle and given it to time. every single bottle has a date printed on the label, typically, and that date tells a story about what happened in that given year. there are very few bottles that don't, and one of the exceptions would probably be champagne. so with champagne, the weather is so bad there that it's only very, very special vintages where the weather was perfect, that they actually declare a vintage. they typically blend the wine from multiple vintages together so that way you have an even expression of champagne every single year. when you're going to bottle a vintage champagne, that means it's a story you actually want to tell on its own. , dom ruinart. it's a rare bottle. we have left in the cellar, so this would be after today, and there's probably less than in the world, i would say. ah. the color is. as you can see, it's pretty gold, which is something you expect for a year old champagne. dame white wines, as they age, develop color, and red wines, as they age, lose color. so there's the pigmentation. mcclintic as it goes, those fruit elements start to fade, and these beautiful secondary characteristics take over. earthy characteristics flowers, herbs, spices. dame they develop that slightly nutty the oxidated quality. there's still a great acidity, some effervescence, not too strong, but as you can expect, with such an old champagne. all of that baby fat sheds away. dame and it becomes more of a whole than pieces. it's very intensely perfumed. it's this snapshot. it's this piece of history, it's bottled history, of what happened to those grapes in that year. you can taste the warmth of the ' vintage, which was which was actually a very warm vintage, a lot of sunshine, great harvest, very healthy grapes. and it's tend to show, i think, that dried apricots, dried pineapple sort of flavors. it's really the sign of a warm year. swishes drinking history. it's good. shit. tower bell ringing our archives keep a lot of secrets. grapes have been here since roman soldiers covered germany in the first century. the first documents about winemaking dates back to the year . this is the invoice book from the year . they really documented all single details of what they sold, when they sold the wine, and who were the customers. for me, i think, like, goosebumps are running down my neck when i hold this little booklet in my hand, and it is as old as when columbus discovered america. history gives wine heart and soul. i really didn't like history until i got interested in wine grapes and realized that the history of wine is the history of europe. i don't think sommeliers gravitate towards great wines of the world because of history. i think history naturally forges the great wines of the world. from the beginning of our story wine has been there. meredith if we go back thousands and thousands of years, the very first cultivated grapevines were just sticks that people stuck in the ground from vines that they found in the forest. there's a lot of evidence this happened in spain and in the northern coast of africa and in other parts of the mediterranean coast of europe. certainly the phoenicians began to explore the mediterranean, and we know that they brought wine. the same thing happened with the greeks, we know that the greeks took grapevines. we know that the romans did the same thing. grieco i want to go back to rome, man. i want to go back to the coliseum. i want to sit there in the sands. i want to see a gladiator fight. i want to eat a corndog and a big flask of goddamn grape juice from the romans. the romans drank with a vigor that i would love to have more of in my life. hepp caesar told his troops to drink at least one to liter per wine a day because he knew that wine keeps the troops healthy, and caesar doubled the quantity from . to liters when his troops needed to fight. so i think this was the start of doping, when the roman soldiers went into battle after having a couple of liters of wine. and the wine they drink we nowadays call golden wine. it's not white. it's not red. it's a combination of all the grapes being harvested together. it has got religious significance. when jesus changed water into wine, it was probably a good start because there must've been something there. when they served it at the last supper, well, you know, must've been a good vintage. but lest we forget, when noah and his ark landed on mount ararat in the caucasus mountains of what is now turkey, first thing he did, the very first thing, was to plant a vine, grow grapes, make wine, and get drunk and pass out naked in his tent. it's a spiritual beverage. it's what literally spirit in the sense that it's alcoholic. it's ecstatic in the sense it has the potential, taken in excess, to take you out of yourself, which is a quasi religious experience. is that the reason why it becomes a sacrament, why it becomes christ's blood? probably. really, the roots, in my mind, of roles of wine we know today came really from the monks. grieco they spent all day, every day, out in the vineyards working the soil, working the vines, and, most importantly, documenting what they did, so quite a few of the great wine areas of europe, we know exactly what they did and when they did it because of these religious orders. in france, this happened over centuries, and it happened at a time without economic pressure at all. ultimately in europe, history is revered. it's part and parcel of what they do every day. they walk through the streets, and it's there in front of them. most european winemakers now, many of them have been handed properties and vineyards and chateaus from their parents, grandparents, great grandparents, sometimes , generations, and they have no cost of land. they have the vineyard. it's their job to take care of them, their job to make the wine. you know, my family has been always in the wine business. as it happens often, in italy or in barolo, my father took over his father, which took over his father, which took over his papa. we go back almost years. well, i'm i think i'm the seventh generation. my daughter is now th generation. in hermitage i'm the th generation, and so we know exactly the wine i'm making in hermitage, i'm making from vines that were planted by my father, my grandfather, my great grandfather, so we know them so well. parr there's so much history at hermitage, you know? think, going back in bc, when the romans planted vineyards there, and to think about today, there are still vineyards there. it's still called hermitage. they still have syrah. it's kind of mind boggling. the legend of hermitage goes like this. there's this knight, who fought in the crusades, and this guy is a war hero. this knight comes back injured. and as a reward, the queen of france allows him to recover and heal his wounds on top of this hill. and he never leaves. and the villagers down there know that he's up there, this legendary war hero, and they started calling him the hermit. and that's how hermitage got its name. if you get on this journey of wine, and you kind of get bitten by the wine bug, and you fall in love with it, you end up having epiphanies along the way. one of those bottles happened to be a chave hermitage. i didn't know syrah could taste like that smoked meat, pepper, proven al herbs, violets, blackberry, blueberry, granite. i fell in love with syrah that day, and it was a bottle of chave hermitage. jean louis chave he is the wine. he lives on the hill of hermitage. this is the hermit. this is the hermit on hermitage today. he is on that hill, and he is connected to his little plot. if i had to pick one epiphany wine, one wine which made me say, this is it, it's chave hermitage. so i'm gonna open a bottle of hermitage, . it's an important wine for me because i was born in , which was a catastrophe for wine, so they haven't even bottled a single bottle of ' , so my dad saved for me, a ' red hermitage. old bottles are very important because of the memory of the domaine. it's like your old books. once you drink it, it's gone forever, but before being drunk, like when you touch a bottle, it's a reality. and then you drink the wine, and then the wines will be gone. it will be in your memory. his history goes so far back. the chave family has been there so long. the same family, who's owned it since . chave this wine was made by my grandfather when my father started to work with him. maybe they were sharing some experience with my dad that decided on that blend. it's a piece of history for us. yeah, the color is perfect. yeah, it's a very good bottle, actually. this whole philosophy is like people come and go, but the vineyard is still around, and wine can age for a very long time, actually. when we open a bottle, we taste it, we go back to everything what happened from now all the way to back then, the link between generation. it reminds them of a time and a place. and work that was done with specific people in specific times. you know? and it's like you almost see their life flashing before their eyes in that one bottle of wine. grieco how i define greatness in wine is that great wine this applies across the board must have a sense of balance, complexity, delicacy, sense of place, a.k.a. terroir, ability to age, and yumminess. and i look at those six criteria, and i say, holy shit. riesling exceeds all expectations in these six areas. why can't other people see this? somms have a love affair with riesling because it's crisp, it's high acid, it's mineral, and when you taste as much wine as sommeliers taste, you end up craving wines that don't fatigue your palate. you crave wines that refresh your palate. the biggest misconception, probably, with the public, is that somehow riesling is going to be sweet, and, yes, there are a ton of delicious sweet examples, but there's also some amazing, bone dry riesling that is not sweet at all, and when that gets served to someone who i know doesn't like riesling, they go, wow, this is riesling? i'm like, yeah, it's riesling. most of the great rieslings of the world are grown in slate soils, particularly in germany, but there's some incredible examples coming from austria and alsace as well. if you look at where riesling is grown, and then you think about world war ii and world war i, and how is germany gonna occupy france, it's literally right through that narrow corridor that is riesling mecca. the two last wars, world war ii and world war i, of course, were quite devastating. most of the vineyards have been destroyed. most of the winemakers died, so nobody was left to do the hard work in the steep vineyards. hepp there were big parties going on after world war ii, from soldiers also, so they drank and they enjoyed all these famous vintages. i mean, somebody comes invading your country, and they drink up most of your inventory you can't hide. don't see a lot of ' s and ' s around, do you? ' s? the winery is now more than years in family, but that's not our original building. we lost it in the second world war, by bombs. they've adapted in that way. i mean, they're used to it. look at champagne. i mean, the whole world war i, the trench war the most horrific blood to nose battle to battle in history, and at the end of the war was what? trenches, rats, and dead bodies. right? and look where champagne is today. planted out with the most expensive wines in the world, and the quality's never been better. our cellars were raided during the second world war, so we don't have anything prior to mid s. the german came and they took over, actually, this house. my great grandfather and grandfather were smart to hide this cellar. that's why we still have these old bottles of wine. if you've been to some of these wineries, you see all that history unfold. you can't help but have a visual association with that grape and that place and what people went through. i think it makes the great riesling, and it makes the region that much more enriching. i love these places in the world for food or wine where cultures clash, and nothing pushes evolution more than conflict and struggle. and it forces the people to evolve, the food to evolve, the wine to evolve. and to me it's where a lot of the best wine and food is made. now, this is also a painful process without a doubt. the greatest winemakers still went through a little rough patch and then came out. alsace, france is so fascinating. whenever there was a war in europe, because of the location of alsace, we never missed one. we never missed a war. alsace once belonged to germany, and there was wine growing in alsace in those days. now alsace belongs to france, and they still grow wine on the same vineyards. to explain the alsace history, a good example would be the three last generations. my grandfather was born prussian, and he studied german. he didn't speak any french. my father was born just before the second war. and he studied half french, and then the war came, and he studied german. results he don't speak german, he don't speak french. he speaks alsatian language. my generation i studied french and i speak fluently french, so three generations, three languages. people in alsace have the structure of the german culture, and they also have the romance of france. parr clos sainte hune riesling, i think, maybe the most one of the most compelling wines on this planet. clos sainte hune is certainly revered as one of the great examples of riesling from one of the great riesling growing areas on the planet earth. parr these wines can age plus years, no problem. dame it's one of the greatest single vineyards in the world. it produces a wine that's almost indescribable. parr bergamot, lemon, all these kind of flavors you get when they're young. in its youth, it's like a slap across the face from your mother when she's pissed off that you came home late at night when she told you to be home at , but she still forgives you and loves you the next day, and ultimately clos sainte hune will do that with you also. and then as they get older, you get that orangesuckle bergamot tea, this very kind of honey and crushed rocks. it's got history behind it. it's got an unbelievable family behind it that can go back, i think, , generations. our father took over in , just after world war ii, and we know how difficult was that period. he basically had to sell all what he could produce, so he only put a few bottles on the side, very, very few. so this ' chuckles i must confess is quite rare. and the more i handle it, the more i have how you call it? goosebumps or chicken bumps, whatever that is. you know? it's it's all what about this business is about, sharing great wine and sharing the passion for wine. so, julien, why don't you come here and have a little sip with me. so here is julien, th generation. was rather exceptional for alsace, and i guess, like the english would say, the proof is in the pudding. what do you think? still very fresh. very fresh, complex minerally, intense, shiny. it has a great acidity, the aftertaste. well, you have to put this wine in your memory. you have to register everything. every little detail of each vintage has to be registered in your mind in order for you to eventually have it blind one day and tell us, oh, my god, i remember. this is . huh? we know where we come from. i know where we are going to go. i mean, of course i'm going to die, hopefully earlier than you, so we are just in transition. we are just making sure that what we have today, as far as our vineyards are concerned and the shape of the winery, if i may say, and how the winery is performing will be donated to our th generation, in the best possible shape, so to speak. cheers. cheers. skelt. in alsace we say, skelt. skelt. alsatian dialect. puckette in france they do things through meticulous study, very little experimentation, and trying to understand what it is that they have around them. in the u.s. you have people over here going, well, shit, can i grow wine here? i don't know. well, frank, let's give it a try. american ingenuity is constantly playing with things. much of the traditional european paradigm is based on the opposite. we brought grapes in from europe. we're not even using our own grapes. we thought one was, zinfandel, and then it turns out it's croatian. it's not even ours. i think an american has an advantage over european because of his spirit is much freer. there's a lot of freedom for american winemakers, wine growers, to have an experiment with different grape varieties. it's a good thing. it's a young wine region. i think in maybe a hundred years we'll figure it out. mcclintic we are kids in a candy store. we can plant any grape we want in any place. we have no limitations. puckette washington it's a crazy region because there's all these grapes growing everywhere, and there's like it has no feature, like, oh, there's good red wine here. oh, there's good riesling too. washington grows a wide range, probably three dozen different grape varieties. and what's amazing to us is how we have challenged this classic idea that you have to grow cabernet in bordeaux and riesling in germany and pinot noir in burgundy, and you can't mix these things. what's really great about what's happening right now in the landscape in california is there's so much experimentation. we work with trousseau gris, pinot gris. frappato, lacrima di morro, blaufr nkisch, pinot noir, syrah, grenache. mourv dre, cabernet sauvignon. and we have this climate that we can do anything we want. i'm really into riesling. i'll fancy riesling. they grow riesling here, it'd be badass. don't forget that most american wine businesses are first generation, so american winemakers, by necessity, have to think more about the market. the reality is cost of living here it's a different animal. you know? like, you want to live in california where of the nation's wine comes from? you know? like, you gotta make some cash. there's so much bottom line stuff going on, and, you know, i'm perfectly happy with really scraping by and roasting squirrels under bridges as long as i can make really great wine. wine tradition is, in california, is an oxymoron, in my opinion. we don't want tradition. that's not what this place is about. it's not us. what a lot of people don't understand is california wine, after the gold rush, was booming. we have, like, wineries now. we had wineries in the late s. it's not like we had wars fought on our own turf. people in alsace are hiding. you know? they're hiding, you know, dodging bullets. they're trying not to die. we didn't have these problems. we had a booming wine industry. we did have this one thing, however, and the worst part of it is we did it to ourselves. lemon prohibition really was a break. it was an enormous break in the way the whole culture of american wine. whatever we were trying to do before prohibition, it just wiped that slate clean, and we're only going now on a hundred years of winemaking. it's just tragic. yeah, it did screw up the wine industry, but it also stopped a whole lot of things that could potentially still be in play that would've been really bad. there was no minimum alcohol. there was no regulation. and so when prohibition happened, we were, like everybody stopped. we needed a little sobriety check. we're talking about grapes that are the most popular grapes in the united states. we're talking about french grapes chardonnay, cabernet, merlot. these are all wines from france, grapes from france. if prohibition had not happened in the united states, i think we would be much more focused on italian varieties. i suspect that things like barbera and maybe even nebbiolo or sangiovese. spain also might have had a greater influence. it's often forgotten that some of the whites in california that were dominant pre prohibition were spanish wines. mattiasson it's one of the reasons, i think, styles have changed so much the last years. every decade style changes because we're still figuring out what the hell we are as an industry. mcclintic then you've got this guy, robert mondavi, who comes along in the ' s, and he's like, i've got an idea. i'm going to open up a winery, and not only a winery, like a huge, ambitious winery, like like i want to take down the french. i want to make the best wine in the world here in california at a time it's like it's like, imagine the economy goes down in, like, , and you're like, i wanna open up a car manufacturer in detroit. that's what robert mondavi did with wine. the guy's got brass balls, man. cauble if anybody thinks about american wine, the first thing they think about is napa valley, without a doubt. i think if robert mondavi didn't exist, california wine wouldn't exist. woman at that time, you know, in s, the valley was still kind of kind of held back, you know. there was i think there was , acres of grapes. today there are , . much of the valley was for sale. it was still sort of recuperating from phylloxera, from depression, from the war and all that. and many people didn't believe it, but he went forward, built a new winery, the first new winery since prohibition. so this particular bottle is the first vintage created by the robert mondavi winery, which opened in . at one point he was small. he was boutique. he was family owned. he was cool. and i still think he is because that part is, like, history. you know? and that so even if you buy big wines, like, what's the story? why do you buy them? why do they become successful? there was some guts there. white this was the model that mondavi set even with this first vintage is what's still in use today. you could almost feel, like, anxiety probably in the bottle, but also, like, hope. i think it's amazing. wow, this is this is actually an incredible bottle. it's very, very, very aromatic, very perfumed. the fruits are red and high toned, like red apple skin or like a dried cherry. and then there's this beautiful sort of cigar ash but it's very, very vibrant and very, very alive. for me, i think ageability is a necessary tenet to greatness in wine. and this is undeniably one of the great wines. dame in your first wine, you produce a wine of that quality i mean, there's more than luck in that one. i wanted to produce wine to compete with the finest wines of the world. here's the europeans. think about from their perspective. you've been doing it this way from the beginning, the times the romans planned the damn places, right? and all of a sudden along comes robert mondavi. i went throughout the world to find out what my competition was. that's something which, you know, i think we've all learned from robert mondavi. he used to always go around the world and taste other wines and always have a bottle of mondavi with him, and he used to, like, always compare his wines to other great wines. just an incredible voice for napa valley. i think he understood that if you made a name for napa valley, and how great this place is in the world, everyone rises. so it wasn't about any particular winery. he wanted to actually speak how beautiful this place was. in this fine wine business, it's not going to take five years, not ten. it's going to take a lifetime. you have to be willing to take a gamble. you have to put your whole heart and soul into what you are doing. but that's all. it's very simple. to figure out what a wine should cost in the marketplace is probably the hardest thing. there really isn't one thing that solely determines the cost of the wine. i run the other way when it comes to determining those sorts of things. um, the gut. there is some reason why wines are expensive. there's some reason why wines are cheap. wine that's inexpensive? it is inexpensive in a large part because the costs of producing it were much lower. it's because the grapes cost less to purchase. a lot of things are mechanized both in the vineyard and in the winery. mcclintic you know, you have to mechanize everything at that point. you have to or you're not going to have a viable economic business model. meredith and so it ends up being a very uniform, predictable product, and that's what it is. it's a product. it's a commodity product where you can buy it for two, three, four dollars a bottle. with wines that are to dollars, presumably many of them are handcrafted, and there's a lot of work, and a lot of effort went into it. i think there's this inherent guilt factor with a lot of people to spend over a bottle on a wine. i know my parents have it. my parents are the best, but there's a lot of people, a lot of family, a lot of friends i know, they have this guilt factor associated with a bottle of wine that's over , let's say. more often than not, those wines are handcrafted, painstakingly handcrafted, and there's a lot of hands that touch that wine, and so get the guilt out of your system because there are a lot of people who have a job because of you. well, the profession's the reason. first you've got the guy who's got to prepare the soil, the guy who's got to study the soil. the guy who's gotta say, your soil's good for cabernet, the people that farm it every day. then you go to the harvesters, the people that pick the grapes. then it comes into the winery. you have to have somebody who's there at the sorting table to make sure that nothing what they call m.o.g., material other than grapes, is getting into the wine. you have the the guardians who usher the grapes and the juice into the winemaking process. the guy who made the barrel. if you go into a cooperage, there are about different roles just in the cooperage alone the guy who's in charge of making sure that the wood is seasoned properly. then the guy who's in charge of making sure that the barrels are sanded, then the guy who is there to make sure that the drums are all there in the barrel is sound and tight right down to the guy who runs the hose in it to make sure it's tested well. if it gets to the winery, okay. now you have to maintain those barrels, and that takes a whole team of people. and then who has to know when it's time for the wine to come out of the barrel, when it's time to go into the bottle. who's designed the label? who's designed the bottle? who's going to make sure that the corks are sound and safe and gonna be secure? what about the capsules? who's going to put it in the boxes? who's going to be involved in driving it to the port? taking that ship across the ocean? and who's going to be involved in getting the container to the warehouse? and you've got three tiers of sales element involved. what about the guy the sommelier who's got to take inventory? so up until the time the cork is pulled, you've got, i would say, hundreds of hands that have been involved in this process. puckette the cost of labor? some things cost money. but then there's this other thing that i'm putting my heart and soul into this thing. i'm making an art, a form of art. how much is that worth? how much is art worth? a lot of wine is a luxury product, so when you get to that real top of the pyramid, you're paying for how many other people want to spend that huge amount of money for that wine? i'll give you an example. drc made wine has made wine for many, many years. they've always used new oak. they've had the same vineyards, but the price of the wine is always higher. every year they increase almost every year and people buy it. that's the wine is amazing. wine is great. every year they produce at a very, very high level. so that doesn't mean that, you know, perhaps the cost of good is going up. it's just demand and supply. this is considered, pound for pound, the most expensive wine in the world. it's not uncommon for a bottle of drc, depending on which vineyard it is, depending on the vintage, to open up, current release, five to ten thousand dollars a bottle. it's just crazy stuff. i think if you look at each individual grape, depending on where you are, it could be up to a grape if you break it down to the grape. it's crazy. aubert de villaine, since , has been the proprietor of domaine de la roman e conti. um, he's the legend, man. if you get a winery visit at drc, it's like the holy grail. so to spend time in a cellar with that man is like, for any sommelier or wine person anywhere in the world that's that's kind of the pinnacle. something in the cosmos has to align or you really gotta know somebody to get a winery appointment there. they don't do winery appointments. i've never been there. most of my friends have not been there. and they're some of the foremost experts on burgundy in the country. voil . oui. we shall taste we shall open the bottle here if you don't mind. mcclintic i think the mark of a legendary winery is it doesn't matter what vintage it is, it's going to be great, and certainly you can say that about drc. in off vintages, bad vintages, these wines trade for thousands of dollars. it's the real deal. you're not going to find a better expression of pinot noir in the world. this is a it's a bottle of echezeaux, . and ' is one of the vintages where things were difficult during the season, but we had a very good, beautiful end of season with north wind, sun, clear skies. it's a vintage i personally like very much. swishing wine you have this special texture, this special way to touch your palate that a wine of a difficult year has a texture that is a little more sharp, a little more acid. this bouquet of a forest, you know, for a unique forest. none of yet the rose petal, but i know it will come in what, , years, and it will make a delicious wine. uh, you know what? i think what many people don't understand, it's that wine is made to drink and to if you are thirsty, to quench your thirst. many people think of wine only as an object of culture. and it is an object of culture, but it is it is also food. it's food. it's an element. and it's important to take it that way too. we always like to kid around and say that wood is the spouse of wine. and so if you just as in real life marriage, you should choose your wife very, very carefully 'cause otherwise you're only going to pay for it in the end in terms of quality of life. and in this case it's quality of wine. oak is a vessel. you can either ferment wine in the vessel, and or you can age it in the vessel. it has been the basis for a vessel to transport wine for god knows, like, i think the etruscans started using the barrel, so we can say thousands of years we've used oak. it's only in the last years we've begun to say, i don't want oaky wine. mcclintic there's neutral oak, which imparts no flavor, and then there's new oak, which does impart flavor. you start with the wine. you make it, you ferment it. and then you put it into oak barrels. all these additional flavors are added to the wines. mcclintic french oak, you're typically going to get vanilla, cloves, cinnamon, baking spices, that add to the wine. with american oak you get dill, coconut, even a higher extract of vanilla. i'm not that interested in wine that tastes of vanilla. vanilla is not a natural taste of a grape. it's something added. so, let's say, instead of making wine, let's make a drink, a cocktail, something like that. if you can taste the oak, you've kind of, you know, missed the fruit. you can think of oak like salt. you've had a dish that's too salty, that's all you taste, is salt, and so the question becomes, how much oak is too much oak? fifteen years ago customers liked one with more body, more rich, more oaky, more extreme. now, even if you use oak, you say, oh, no, i don't use oak. now there's certain situations where oak is called for like salt is called for. right? certain cabernets without oak would be so austere and intensely harsh on your palate and grippy that you need oak to buffer that. and someone's opinion of what's too much and what's too little depends on how much they like oak. you know? what's true is you can cover up a lot of mistakes in the vineyard and cover a lot of mistakes in the cellar with oak, and so a lot of people abuse it in that way and say, you know what? we screwed up a little bit, or these grapes are shit, so why don't we just slap a big vanilla bomb on it and call it a day? wine is made here, in the vineyard, not in the cellar. in the cellar you have to work for preserving what the nature gave you in the vineyard. and the wood is good way to maintain a wine in good conditions during the aging process. if you look at the great oak debate, i mean, it's politics. it's republicans as democrats. they are party lines drawn with oak and non oak, and it's always gonna be like that. if you're going to look anywhere in the world, and you want a place to see an example of this, just look at barolo. cauble so what we have here is a barolo from elio altare. he is one of the most, i would say, influential modern producers of barolo, and this is one of the first vintages he actually made with using new french oak. barolo is a place in northern italy, and the grape is nebbiolo. it's interesting that barolo was made for hundreds of years the same way, and the aging would happen in these big botti, these big barrels that the grand, grand grandpas had built. the wines were very austere, very serious, very tannic, very dry, high acidity. you would have to wait years before you could approach them. this is a really rare bottle. i think there's less than six or seven bottles at the estates, pretty incredible story of what happened. some crazy winemakers, and i include my dad elio, he was one of the first to start approaching the winemaking with different techniques. they started moving from, you know, big botti, the big vats, to french oak. it changed tradition. it kind of caused a very big problem. wasn't necessarily a war with, you know, with weapons, but it was a war with words for sure. it smells incredibly elegant, really, really soft, incredibly floral. it really has a lot of burgundian traits to it. a big crisis hit barolo. we're talking about mid ' s, late ' s. most of the young people would leave the countryside to work in the fiat factories that make cars in torino because being a farmer was like really the last job on earth. just wine wasn't a business back then. that's when my dad in ' took his car, went to burgundy for the first time and just starting, you know, our curiosity visiting wineries, and then he got in touch with some winemakers who worked in different wineries. those guys were famous making amazing wines. they were very expensive. they were all rich and superstars. here they were starving. they were poor. so my dad came home with all these crazy ideas, went to his dad and said, dad, why don't we try this? and the answer was, no way, you can't try. chuckles you can't not think about the relationship between elio and his dad here. the move towards using new french oak on this wine caused a massive fissure between him and his father, which never really repaired itself. silvia altare my grandpa would've told you, oh, buy a bottle of barolo but drink it in years. thank you. maybe i want to drink it tomorrow. cauble when you put a wine like barolo in new oak, it's going to soften the tannins. it's going to make it easier to drink and more approachable when it's young. silvia altare my dad started buying barrels, but to make space in the cellar for barrels, he had to buy a chainsaw as well to cut the big botti in pieces because there was no space, so he was cutting in pieces these botti that one of his ancestors had built, you know, those botti were a hundred years old. grandpa would not accept that, so that was the big big break between them. you know, in the s and the s people hated each other over it. it was either you were on the left or the right. it was, like, you were using new oak? your neighbors wouldn't talk to you. i mean, it's it's a pretty big deal. once he put new oak on his wine, the wines sold, and they're more expensive. wine's very soft, but it does have this kind of orange peel, fennel, and kind of tar component, which is classic in nebbiolo. the wine's delicious. silvia altare twenty five years ago it was a huge fight. today some of my best friends are son or daughters of traditionalists. i talk to them. i don't have a problem with that. well, my dad wouldn't talk to them. cancel that. laughs dame wine is constantly changing. it's living. it's breathing. and as a result how can you have an appreciation for a single great variety when it's made in so many different styles and so many different places and so many different vintages and all the things that go into whether you like pinot noir, cabernet, or chardonnay or sauvignon blanc. that's a great question. i think the hardest thing for me to stomach about the whole game is the whole idea of points. i'll meet people that, oh, you know, i only collect wines above points. from who? uh, you know, which demigod do you follow? taste is so different. you can't all look at the same piece of art and all want to put it in your house. how we look at points this is a super polarizing topic. essentially points are to tell you what to think if you don't have an opinion yourself. well, the rating system was first created to help consumers. it really was. because before that the people who wrote about wine were actually hired by the wine marketers to write about wines. so suddenly you had these independent people coming out with these mailing lists, and one of those guys was robert parker in wine advocate. and he started putting points on the system. personally, i hate points. i revere and respect robert parker. i revere and respect the wine spectator because what they do is get more people to drink wine. that's ultimately what i want. at the end of the day it's a really lazy way to describe a wine. it attempts to put two numbers next to something that has been produced by so many passionate people. i don't even remember the last time i thought about points. i mean, it's not relevant to sommeliers to think about, like, a hundred points. i think that most of us would be like, ew, if a sales rep starts quoting points. parr i mean, if you buy a bottle of current vintage barolo, which got a points, and you go home and open it, there will be no enjoyment from it. you know, it's yeah, it got a high score, and you open it. yeah, if you waited years, absolutely, it'll be better, but it doesn't say points, wait for years. if i gave one of these critics wines that they had given scores to, what do you think the odds are giving the same score back to back? i don't know. answer that yourself. points in wine spectator and robert parker were a huge part of my beginning. i didn't know the world of wine, and i didn't know a lot of people, but i could read a publication, and what i got out of spectator and what i got out of robert parker, these critics, were here are wines, great wines of the world that you should try. this wine got a hundred points. i'm like, okay, what's this wine all about? from a sales perspective, it offers confidence to people, perhaps, to create short lists of wines and that it benchmarks us against other great wines of the world. cauble max schubert was the winemaker at penfolds starting late s, and his creation of grange totally changed the way the world looks at australia. what max schubert wanted to do was make a world class bordeaux style wine in australia, and he went to bordeaux. he studied the great domaines of bordeaux, and he figured out exactly what they did, studied their template to a t. only problem was there wasn't a lot of cabernet in australia, so he adjusted that template with the syrah grape. you have to think about at the time the world was basically drinking fortified wine down in australia. that was the fashion of the day. so to make not only a dry table wine but to make a wine that would stand the test of time , , years later was revolutionary thinking for his day. think of the blend of cabernet with syrah or with shiraz. it's a quintessential australian blend, and bin a out of the vintage is deemed to be the cr me de la crme of that offer ever. man now, this one is incredibly venerated. the rarity of this wine. i mean, , bottles of this wine were made in , and i'd probably say less than a dozen exist to this day. it has received many global accolades. harvey steiman, editor of wine spectator, gave it a hundred points. considered the greatest australian wine ever made. it's been given perfect scores by many people. the bin a came in at number of the greatest wines ever made on this planet. most critics, most wine people, would say that this is your bucket list wine. you have to try this before you die. this bottle hasn't moved from the winery since it was bottled in . the cork has thankfully done its job. absolute heaven. yeah, the wine's in fantastic shape. very, very sundried black plum and blackberry and almost stewed lamb kind of characteristic. gago now, i say of wines that get perfect scores in their youth, really they're still on probation. you know, is it a hundred going that way, or a hundred going that way? you wouldn't know. but when a wine that's , , , years of age gets a hundred points, that wine can't hide behind alcohol, extract, or oak. it's basically naked in front of you. it's unplanned. regardless of what you feel about point scores, if you are a high end winery and you have a big case production and you get over points on your wine, you're not going to be unhappy about that. do point scores matter? point scores may matter for some. we like our point scores. we take our point scores with stride. we appreciate them. we're not going to give them back, but that's not the first thing we tout at all. but if we're asked, then i'll say, yeah, that vintage of grange got points. yeah, that vintage of grange got . yeah, that vintage of bin a got points. of course i'll say it if they ask, but i'll say it, and then i'll move back into the vineyards, they style, the history, the why. that's what's most important. grieco forget the money that you paid for the bottle, forget who the hell made it, and even for a moment forget the history and all the shit that i love so much. it goes with food. the opportunity for a sommelier to pair wine with food it's indisputable that it can heighten and change an experience. a lot of food and wine pairing is bullshit. a lot of food and wine pairing is over thought. to say food and wine pairing is bullshit? okay. i mean, that's like saying peanut butter and jelly is bullshit. there's a reason why that works. right? a reason why we like that. if you just had peanut butter, you'd do this. smacking roof of mouth right? or that jelly has acidity in it. it cuts it. slurps swishes so my favorite food and wine pairings are simple. muscadet and oysters. a glass of chianti and a piece of lamb. sausage and some gewurztraminer. it's almost clich , but a lot of people heard it, but what grows together, goes together. plants and food that grows in an area and grapes that grow in the area, the wine and the food tends to match up almost every time. people in france will say sauternes and foie gras go really well together. you would think that the savoriness of the foie gras and the sweetness of the sauternes might be a conflict, but actually that's the richness. they just both kind of come together and really make the experience much more harmonious. to me a food and wine pairing is like a relationship between two human beings. it's like a marriage, hopefully, with no divorce. traditionally brussels sprouts, asparagus, cauliflower, all of those green, leafy vegetables are really hard to pair. mcclintic ros can pair really, really well with awkward vegetables. how many times you had a salad on the table, you're like, dude, my wine tastes terrible ? i got vinaigrette in my mouth and this wine tastes sour. it's awful. if you are stuck in a wine pairing and don't know what to do, don't forget champagne. champagne is an enormous food friendly style of wine. you can even go through the entire meal with that. there's something to be said for trial and error example, syrah and indian food. you know, usually with spicy food, the last thing you want is a spicy wine. you just think it would be overkill, but for whatever reason, syrah and indian food is incredible. yeah, you've got some good ones out there spam and gew rztraminer. puckette red bean chili and sparkling wine. man peanut butter ice cream and beaujolais. popcorn and chardonnay is pretty cool. chardonnay doesn't pair well with a lot of things because of oak. oak tends to conflict with pairing, but when you have buttery things, popcorn, it works. save the milk. like a decent marsala and chocolate chip cookies, like nut free chocolate chip cookies, and then when you add the marsala, it tastes like there's nuts in your cookies now. the consumer still believes that red wine doesn't go with fish. simple as that seems, like some of the best pairings i've had lately have been light red wines with fish, so. oh, i'm hungry. every dish has an opening for wine. hot dog with normal toppings, so we're talking about bun, we're talking about relish, we're talking about ketchup, maybe a little bit of mustard, maybe raw onion. i would say probably the most fun one here might be a beaujolais. you don't have a wine that is too scholarly or too pontificating. and it's a hot dog, for god sake. you know? we all love hot dogs, and beaujolais is not fussy either, so they should be together. parr the most underrated region in the world is beaujolais. i'd probably have to say beaujolais. beaujolais, i think, delivers the best quality and drinking experience for red wine, dollar for dollar. some of the most pleasurable wines that i come across. beaujolais would be at the top of the list. there are two types of wines. there are intellectual wines, and there are just delicious wines. this wine is certainly intellectual. it's got crazy finesse. there's a lot going on in this wine. it's super complex. it just also happens to be insanely delicious. i can't keep my hands off it. it's like catnip for sommeliers. sommelier can be the best and the worst. they are very important if they make the bridge between the producer and the drinker. producer is jean louis dutraive. it's a hundred percent gamay. i don't always have the exact same taste as my guests, and oftentimes that's a lot of the case with a lot of sommeliers, is that their taste is totally different from the tastes of the guest. the inside joke in the wine production business now is that everybody should be producing trousseau gris in california because the somms think it's so great. i think the things that people hate about sommeliers is that we're so opinionated about one particular style of wine or how wine should be. he's got so much knowledge, and his tastes have changed remarkably. since the moment he started his journey into the wine business. till the moment that he's a sommelier. camera shutters clicking no audible dialogue you can bet that the guy's going home and drinking some crazy oxidized natural wine. this happens to be a crazy natural wine producer. he uses barely any sulfur in the winemaking process, hardly extracts at all. he doesn't do anything. he lets it sit in the tank, slightly submerged. this crazy new red variety made by a guy in eggs that are lined with wood that are buried in the forest out back, and only the girls can touch 'em kind of a thing. and he's able to achieve this with complete minimal intervention. it's absolutely insane how he does this. but these beautiful floral and spicy herbaceous notes. you know so much. what? on the other side, you've got this person who picks something that you've never heard of from a region that you don't even know exists, that tastes like what you really want, and it exposes you to an entire new world that you never knew existed. i mean, you taste a lot of wine, and this wine has crazy x factor, so we're talking about the southern part of burgundy, just below pinot noir mecca, and you're going to pay a bottle for a bottle like this whereas burgundy can run you into triple digits. and if you had this with just about anything, even seafood, you want red wine with fish, this is your ultimate play right here. over time any wine drinker it's not just the sommeliers people who drink wine a lot, you want to drink the truth of what is coming from the earth. and that means tasting the dirt of where it comes from. and at the end of the day most wines that are fruit forward, you can't taste what's behind that. it's like there's all this makeup in front of seeing the truth of what's in the glass. dame i don't they they can help themselves. i don't believe sommeliers can help themselves from the constant thirst for knowledge, and we do love to share it. and i think that's that's the part of the equation you left out. we love to learn, and we love to share it. sometimes a little bit too much. mcclintic if you're going to talk about sommeliers, you've got to talk about the old school guys. and if you're going to talk about the old school guys, you've got to talk about fred dame. fred dame is perhaps the most important sommelier in which means anything in america. cauble i mean, i think wine service in america would not be anywhere close to where it is without fred. so the idea of a sommelier think of the white gloves. you think of, you know, the tastevin buttoned up, and you picture a butler. and then there's fred, who's either in a wine dinner at some major market, or he's hunting in the middle of nowhere. have you ever seen the movie star wars? i kind of think of fred dame as the character of yoda. why are we sitting in the middle of a duck pond? 'cause it's beautiful. and you talk about sommeliers in the world of wine and the vintages. great. but look at the experience. it's about the experience. chuckles fred dame has probably opened more great wine for people than anyone. mcclintic you have a guy who's been on the floor that long. fred has got more stories in his back pocket than you could possibly imagine. i used to work at a restaurant called the sardine factory, monterey, california. and one of the owners is ted balestreri. the other's bert cutino. we're all good friends with leon panetta, who was the head of the cia at the time. of course the hunt for bin laden was on. and when i was the cellar master there, we bought a bottle of lafite. parr lafite is priceless, among the rarest wines on the planet, if not the rarest wine. dame so it's been sitting in the cellar, and every year they have a new year's eve party, and leon comes to the party. so he's always asking about the lafite. so they're sitting there one night. it's probably the end of the night. they've drunk a lot of wine, had a good time, and ted goes, tell you what, leon. you get osama bin laden, i'll open that bottle for you. and everybody had a good laugh. and a couple months go by, and his wife silvia calls ted and goes, you ought to be watching the news and tell fred to get his corkscrew out. so we had a dinner. it was very special. i didn't know where it was going to be till the last minute because it involved a lot of people way up in the security world, but we opened that lafite. but how do you serve people out of a single bottle of wine? so i got a pipette, and i got cia shot glasses. with the logo on them. the secret service guys are like, you know, guys, i only got one. if i drop this, we're screwed. can you give me a couple feet here? so we decanted it out, i pipetted it, and we all tried lafite. just intense and powerful, sweet fruit, and was one of the most celebrated bordeauxs of all time. dame if you just drunk the wine by itself, you sat there and had tears in your eyes, but when you consider what bin laden did and all the things that occurred, it was spectacular. you can take the most expensive bottle of wine you have and in your collection get a great connoisseur, a great sommelier, and two guys off the street, set it down and pull that cork, and everybody's enjoying it in a little different way. that's the secret of it. the complexity and the layers are there for those who want it, but they're not essential to the enjoyment of wine. wine is very much like life. you know, life is these series of fleeting moments, and then it's done, and and that's you know, sometimes you just gotta open the bottle of wine and drink it. you've got this bottle of wine. it's in a restaurant. it's been ordered. it's going to come to a table. and with it in that . ounces of liquid are all these stories. the people, the place, the soil, when it was harvested. how much work you put into it, what you went through, how much you made, how much it cost, none of that matters. it all comes down to that one bottle that's in front of two people. parr one of the most important things about wine is where it ends up and who opens it and when they open it, who do they open it with. and the experience they have, you know, the sex they have, the fight they have, the dinner they have, the memory they have. and it should really create joy in your life. because your perception is what makes it special, and people forget that. just imagine how many of those bottles are just going out there for all these people to just, you know, have their way with