 has ruined clifford's life. and if you had been our lawyer, he never would have been convicted in the first place. what do you want? you do two years in prison, and i won't go after any of your friends. it's the only sure way to put this to bed and make sure that the only person who is hurt by it is me. what about me? all i did was love you. i'm not gonna rat them out. i'm not asking you to. i'm just asking you to have faith in yourself. don't fall on your sword again. we might not win. you don't always have to be the hero. i'm not doing it to be the hero. then why the hell are you doing it? i would never send my friends to prison. they find me guilty, they're gonna send my friends to prison anyways. the jury came back. we have an hour. where's mike? i don't know. i'm ready to take your deal. which one? so just to be clear, this is the one you want to go with. you go to prison for two years, your friends go free, and no crying about it once it's done. one stipulation. i'm not reducing your jail time by one minute. that's not it. i want you to write in that once we sign, you can't renegotiate with harvey. oh, i get it. you're afraid i'm gonna use this to get him to take the bullet for you. i'm not afraid of you trying to do that, because i know you will. so, either put it in, or we go to verdict. and just remember, like you said to me, tick tock. dramatic music what did you do? i did what i had to do. i pled guilty. bullshit. you didn't plead anything. harvey, look at me. it was my crime. it was my choice to make, and i made it. it's done. well, i'm gonna unmake it, because the judge hasn't ratified it yet, and until she does, nothing is done. harvey, stop. no, you listen to me. if you think i'm gonna let you do this, you're out of your goddamn mind. do what, mike? what did you do? i took the two years. no, no, you didn't. rachel, rachel, please. i don't accept that. please listen. it was the only way that i could no, it wasn't the only way. you told me that you'd wait for the verdict, and i begged you to have faith in yourself, and you told me that you would. that was before i begged diaz to take a deal that would rat out his friend, and he didn't listen to me wait a second. you're throwing away the next two years of our lives for something that some criminal said? just stop. listen to me. hold on. harvey said he wasn't gonna let this happen. he went to see the judge, didn't he? it doesn't matter. he can't stop it. why not? because it's not up to him. it's up to me, and i've made my decision. rachel, where are you going? anywhere else. because if you're gonna rob us of the next two years of our lives, i am not gonna stand here and watch you do it. ms. gibbs, i don't appreciate being kept waiting once the jury has informed us they've reached a verdict. i'm sorry, your honor. mr. ross and i were finalizing a plea agreement. i'm sorry too, your honor, but they haven't finalized shit. what did you just say in my courtroom? you heard what i said. my chambers, right now. rachel, i heard the jury is back. i came down to hear the verdict. there's not gonna be a verdict, so you can turn right around, because mike took a deal to spend two years in prison. oh, my god. and they're in there right now signing off on it. and i don't know what to do. okay, i'll tell you what you need to do. you need to go back inside, and you need to be there for him. i'm not gonna go back inside and be there for him. why not? because he told me that he wasn't going to do this. he told me that it was on the table, and i begged him not to take it, and he promised me that he wouldn't. rachel, last night harvey came to me wanting to do the same thing, and i begged him to have faith in that jury. and harvey kept his word. but he might not have, and i told myself that if he changed his mind, i would have to forgive him. then donna, you're a better woman than i am, because mike is my heart, and right now i feel like someone is ripping my heart out of my chest, and that someone that someone's him. your honor, i don't give a shit about that deal. she took advantage of my client. she coerced him, and you have the power to stop it. i've had enough of your language, mr. specter. it wasn't coercion. it was negotiated by a competent attorney. it's rock solid, and there's no basis to stop it. he's not a competent attorney. he's cutting a deal to plead guilty to fraud. you want to cut a different deal with me? i'm all ears. yeah, the only problem with that is you can't sign a different deal, because you already signed your rights to that away. god damn it, mike, don't do this. we can go to verdict. don't give me that. you weren't racing over to her office to tell her that the jury was back. you were going to jump on the grenade, and i beat you to it. now i told you it's done, and it's done. are you absolutely sure, mr. ross? i am, your honor. then, mr. ross, you have hours to report to danbury federal prison. see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody wanna know how it feel everybody wanna see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie, i don't mind me and missy is so busy, busy making money all right all step back, i'm 'bout to dance the greenback boogie . give it to me straight. what happened? mike pled guilty, and in exchange, they can't go after you, harvey, louis, or any of us. shit. for someone who just found out she's not going to prison, you don't seem happy. i was never worried about going to prison, donna. what are you worried about? losing my firm. now that mike pled guilty, every case he ever touched has lawsuit written all over it. so what are we gonna do? i'll tell you what we're going to do. we're gonna restructure this firm, and we're gonna do it before the lawsuits even start. get me louis. tense music michael. gloria, what are you doing here? i came here to be with you for the verdict, but they told me you made a deal. i did. michael, there's no way the lord would have put me through two innocent men going away. but mrs. danner, i'm not innocent, and i did what they accused me of. i'm not stupid, michael. i didn't mean you went to law school. i meant you are innocent in your heart, and now you've chosen to go to a place filled with men who aren't. i don't think you understand. i'm going to a white collar prison. there's no such thing as a white collar prison once they close those doors. you need to hear me. gloria, look, i know that you are trying to help, but i took responsibility for what i did, and i'm gonna live with it. but right now, i need to go spend time with the woman i love and make things right, so i'm sorry, but you have to excuse me. robert, i got your message. i rushed right over. what happened to rachel? i'll tell you what happened. mike ross is going to jail, my daughter is heartbroken, and harvey and jessica are getting off scot free. wait a second. if you lured me down here because you wanted a punching bag, i can tell you right now, that's not gonna happen. well, let me tell you what is gonna happen. it's about to be open season on every case that mike ross ever put his good for nothing name on, and once that happens, it's just a matter of time until every one of your attorneys tries to leave. i see what this is. you want to use me to start an avalanche that will bury harvey and jessica. guess what? i'm not gonna do it. then you're a bigger fool than i thought, because i'm gonna find someone that will. good luck with that, because have a noncompete. not anymore, you don't. bullshit. you're bluffing. then why don't you go and ask your ex associate katrina? because she's the one that gave me the way around it in the first place. harvey, i heard about mike. i am so sorry. well, you can stop being sorry and get me the name of that jury foreman. harvey, you can't get a mistrial. it's too late. mike cut a deal. i don't need legal advice, donna. i need the name and address of that foreman. i don't think that's a good idea. it's not breaking the law anymore, donna. it's just a favor. i'm not gonna ruin his life. i just need to ask him a goddamn question. well, i'm not gonna do that until you tell me what that question is. donna. mike just threw his whole life away, and there's nothing i can do about it, and the only way that i can accept it is if i find out what that verdict was gonna be. i'll get you the name. robert zane just told me he can take away our noncompete. i need you to tell me right now how he's gonna do that. nice to see you too, louis. can i offer you a prunie? no, i don't need a damn prunie. i need you to tell me what he's up to. louis, i'm here now, and the reason i'm here is that i got fired for helping you, and even though you promised to bring me back once you were named partner, you didn't. no, no, no, no, no, no, no. i wanted to bring you back, katrina, more than anything. don't give me that, louis. i covered for you after sheila dumped you. i helped you poach versalife. i even forged government documents for you. okay, katrina, if i wanted to bring you back, i couldn't protect you from what? from finding out mike ross is a fraud? yeah, i did the math, louis, and you couldn't have protected me from it, but you could use it to get your name on the door, couldn't you? are you gonna look me in the eye and tell me that isn't true? it's true. well, i appreciate your honesty. since you were honest with me, i'll be honest with you. i can't help you. are you okay? no. rachel. i just don't understand, mike. you told me you'd wait for the verdict. i know. rachel, listen to me, all right? i didn't do this to hurt you. i did it because it's who i am. i know that. then why are you holding it against me? because i can't stand the thought of losing you. you're not gonna lose me. yes, i am, mike, for two years. and it could have been seven. it could have been zero. they took why couldn't you just wait for the verdict? because i have to live with myself for the rest of my life. i made a decision, and i. i can't go back in time and change it. but we are here right now, all right? we have we have three days left. i'm gonna have to take one of those days for myself. because you promised me that you would have faith in yourself. tense music and you didn't. machinery buzzing you remember me? how could i not? i listened to you for the better part of two weeks. then i'll get right to it. i need a favor. you got a truck needs fixing? i want to know what that verdict was gonna be. no, you don't. yeah, i do. what difference does it make? it makes all the difference in the world. then i'll tell you, 'cause i've been dying to tell somebody, 'cause it was angry men in there, and i was the one. yeah, that's right. one by one, i put that jury on my back and we did the right thing. what's the right thing? you think i don't know what's what? that kid didn't go to law school. you know it, i know it, everybody in the goddamn room knew it. it was guilty. i didn't say that. that woman didn't make her case, and i'm not letting my country's justice system go to shit on my watch. say it. not guilty. they told us you guys cut some kind of deal. guess you should have had a little more faith in the system. . elevator bell dings mr. specter? mr. specter. mrs. danner, what can i do for you? i tried to talk to michael, but he wouldn't listen. talk to him about what? about what's gonna happen to him inside that prison. mrs. danner, i appreciate you coming down here, but i can't talk about this right now. i don't care. you're gonna listen to what i have to say, because i saw what prison did to my son, mr. specter. michael needs to know what his first day is gonna be like, who to make friends with, what guards to stay away from, because it's the guards that are the worst. you think i don't know all that? then do something to toughen up that boy. i told you, i can't talk about this right now. go ahead. walk away. but you owe me. because you may have gotten him out, but you're also the one who put him in that hellhole in the first place. tense music louis, where the hell have you been? we have a problem. you think i don't know that? i need you to bifurcate the firm into two entities, and i need you to do it now. i know what you're thinking. if we insulate our clients, we can hold on to our lawyers, but that won't help. why the hell not? because robert zane has a way to bust our noncompete. god damn it. he finds somebody to jump ship, it'll be a stampede for the exits. that's what i'm trying to tell you. all right, then forget about splitting the firm and work on figuring out what the hell he's up to, or there won't be a firm left to split. i need to talk to you. i can't, mike, not now. harvey, i need to know if you think i did the right thing taking that plea. god damn it, you ask me that now? rachel can't get past the fact that i didn't wait for the verdict to come in. it's tearing her up, and that's tearing me up. mike harvey, i know that you are pissed that i made a deal before you, but i need you to tell me that i made the right call. you did. how can you be sure? because i went to see the foreman, and he told me the verdict was guilty. what? look, the idea of you going to prison was killing me, and i couldn't let it go unless i knew. but now you can. i still wish you would have let me take the hit instead of you, but yeah, i can. go home, mike. get whatever time left you have with rachel. it's gonna be easier now. i never thought the word guilty would do that. are you all right? i'm fine. can i get you anything? yeah. clear your schedule for the rest of the day. i need you to get me everything there is to get from mike's trial. harvey, i don't understand. you said if you talked to that foreman, you would be able to make peace with this. i don't care what i said. and he said that mike was guilty, and mike accepted those consequences. he didn't say mike was guilty. he said he was goddamn innocent. oh, my god. he's going away for nothing. no, donna, he's not going away at all. what do you need me to do? i need you to get me everything we have on that trial, because i'm gonna figure out a way to invalidate that goddamn deal. jessica, do you have a minute? i'm really busy right now, jack. i'm afraid this can't wait. sighs i'm officially giving you my letter of resignation. let me guess. robert zane made you an offer. he did, and as much as i didn't want to take it, i have to. oh, you have to? you begged me for a second chance and a third and a fourth, and i gave them all to you, and now he's using you to destroy us. we're already destroyed. you just don't want to accept it. no, this is a setback. i'm sorry. jack. i think you're forgetting about that folder you gave me, the one with the little legal indiscretion daniel hardman had on you. let's not soft pedal it, jessica. it wasn't an indiscretion. it was a flat out crime. and the problem with you using it is, you'll be announcing to the world yet another crime happened under your watch, and you did nothing to stop it. and whatever clients were willing to stay with you before won't be willing to anymore. i think i'm gonna miss this the most. miss what? coming home to you. rachel, i know i should have told you what i was gonna do before i made that deal, but i didn't know i was gonna do it, and i had, like, three seconds to make a decision. and those three seconds took away two whole years. actually, gave us back five. what are you talking about? harvey found the jury foreman. they were gonna find me guilty. stirring music and we only had three days, and i took away one of them. hey, it's okay. rachel, i don't care. as long as we're good. i don't want us to just be good. i want us to be one. i want to be your wife before you go. i want to be your husband. . okay, i got us some coffees and donna, what the hell? this isn't everything. what do you mean, this isn't everything? i mean, she had to have filed motions and subpoenas and discovery, and all this shit is nothing. harvey, these boxes are what? this is his class ranking that he wasn't on. this is his transcript. this is his yearbook. where are the things that we can attack procedurally? they're over there. then why haven't you gone through them? because that's not what i do. then what in god's name are you doing in here? i'm supporting you, harvey, and right now, i'm gonna do that by giving you some space. dramatic music if you think you can waltz into my firm and take my lawyers, you must be out of your damn mind. let me guess, you're suing me for inducement. you bet your ass i am. you induced jack soloff into breaking his noncompete. you don't have a noncompete with jack soloff or anyone else. i heard you tried that empty threat with louis, but it's not gonna work with me. if it is empty, then so is your morals clause and your bylaws, which states that if a named partner participates in a crime, any partner is free to go. and conspiracy to commit fraud is a goddamn crime. you can't prove we knew about mike ross. well, let me suggest that you ask louis litt about his conversation with katrina bennett this morning. i got you, jessica, and if you want to come after me for hiring jack, or anyone for hiring anyone, you may not go to jail, but the world is gonna know what you did. tense music why are you doing this, robert? i don't give a shit about you hiring a fraud, jessica, but you never came to me with it once he started dating rachel. how could i have known i could have trusted you not to come after my firm? that picture on robert's desk is how you could have known, jessica. now if you'll excuse us, we have tickets for the theater. sorry about before, donna. it's okay, harvey. i understand. and i've been thinking we're going about this all wrong. what do you mean? i mean appealing something based on legal minutiae isn't what you do. and what exactly is it that i do? you get people to do things they don't want to by giving them something else. donna, i can't do that with gibbs, because what she really wants is me, and mike won't let me. and what if you give her something bigger? what are you talking about? i'm talking about liberty rail. no. harvey, if we're willing to let me be prosecuted for what i did, then you can give gibbs people who committed murder and get mike off the hook. two for one. donna, i am not trading you for mike. period. then what are we gonna do? we're gonna give gibbs her murderers without giving you up at all. louis, tell me right now. did you admit to katrina bennett that you knew about mike ross? the morals clause. god damn it. jessica, she already knew. her knowing and you flat out confessing aren't the same thing. it doesn't matter. she can't prove it. louis, don't you get it? katrina bennett was your prot g . all that underhanded shit that you do, she learned all of it. what are you saying? i'm saying that she recorded you, and if that tape ever sees the light of day, any partner who wants can walk out that door and take their clients with them. no, they can't. where are you going? to the file room. you're right, jessica. katrina was my prot g , and she knows all my dirty laundry, but i also know hers. let me take care of it. i don't think so. after the way we ended things last time, it's the least i can do. what do you want, harvey? i want liberty rail. well, that's never gonna happen, and you need to let that shit go. what i need is to trade that shit for mike ross's freedom. what the hell are you talking about? you give me liberty rail, i'll give you five of my best clients. there's no way jessica pearson allows that to happen. it's not her call. they're my clients. well, i don't care, because i'm not breaking privilege and risking my entire career in exchange for five clients. tense music what's it gonna take? you want my price? i want to go shopping at pearson specter litt. exclusive access to hire anyone i want, from paralegals to senior partners and their clients, for the next month. you'd be gutting the firm. do i look like i care? there is no way jessica accepts this, and you know it. what i know is, people will do anything if they're desperate enough. and if you're in here doing this, then you're desperate to save mike ross. michael, if you're here to see robert, he's already gone. i'm not here to see robert. i'm here to see you. well, i'd rather you go. laura, please. please what, michael? robert and i were ready to embrace the man who was going to marry our daughter, and it turns out, that man is a liar. and now you're here to get me to convince my husband to go to your wedding? it's not just my wedding. it's also rachel's. and i can talk to robert until i'm blue in the face. he will never forgive you. he doesn't need to forgive me, all right? he just needs to be there for his daughter. he's not gonna do that. why not? because you're ruining her life. look, laura, i know that i made a horrible mistake. i'm going away for two years, when i could have gotten out of it by turning in my friends. rachel knows that's the kind of man that i am. that's why she wants to spend the rest of her life with me. now all all i am asking you is that you help robert see that. i know my husband. what you're asking is impossible, and i don't expect you to understand that, because you've never been the father of a daughter. but i'll try. i don't understand. of course you don't, because you've also never been the mother of a daughter. louis. what are you doing here? why'd you do it? do what? don't be coy with me, katrina. it's one thing to share our bylaws, but i know you recorded me, and i want to know why. i did it because it put my name on the map with robert zane. if you don't destroy that recording, it's gonna put your name on the map somewhere else. this is a copy of the document i forged for you. yeah, the one you reminded me of yesterday, the same one that i'm gonna give to the sec if you don't back off. you don't have to do this. you can still come work with us. no, i can't, and even if i wanted to, i can't trust you anymore. that's not fair. if it wasn't me, it would've been somebody else. but it was you, katrina. my own prot g stabbing me in the back? i was just trying to make a name for myself. and i just wanted my name on the wall, but let me tell you something. if there's one thing that i have learned, it's not worth being willing to do anything to make a name for yourself. jessica, i need to talk to you. harvey, before you ask whatever you're about to ask, i'm not in the mood. well, that's not gonna cut it. i need you to waive our noncompetes for evan smith. is this a joke? it's the only way to keep mike out of prison. there is no way to keep mike out of prison. yes, there is. we give evan people who already want to go, and i give anita gibbs murderers in exchange for mike. and i've just spent the last hours fighting to keep our noncompetes. jessica. no. he cut a deal to save this firm. he cut a deal to keep us from going to prison, and you know it. you know, i don't give a shit what he thought when he made that deal. he was gonna be found innocent. what? i went to see the foreman. the verdict was gonna be not guilty. then let me see your deal with gibbs. i don't have it yet. are you crazy? you're asking me to decimate my firm for a deal you don't even know she'll take? i'll make her take the deal. you don't know that. yes, i do. jessica, we have a chance to save mike and let the people who want to go, go. and what if it doesn't work and we lose everything? then we do. jessica, harvey's right. mike's family. even if we lose half the firm, if we don't try to save him, who are we? make the deal. . knocking at door da where is he? he's not here. well, that's too bad because i came here to talk to him, even though he didn't have the balls to talk to me. he wasn't afraid to talk to you. he went to mom because i asked him to. oh, okay. okay, let's down to this. you marry him, and that man ruins your life. how, dad? we're gonna get through the next two years and then and then what? because you're sure as shit not gonna be a lawyer. what are you talking about? i'm talking about you graduating, and then you're gonna stand before the character and fitness committee of the bar. and the last time i checked, marrying a man that defrauded them isn't gonna get you in. okay, and by the time that happens, he will have served his time, and we will have paid his debt. what the hell difference does that make? the difference is that's what our justice system is all about, and standing behind the man that you love is the definition of character and fitness. okay, you tell them that, and they're gonna tell you and your felon husband to go to hell. that's not gonna happen. oh, yes it is, god damn it! these are vindictive and protective people, and he make them look like fools. this isn't about me not becoming a lawyer or him ruining my life or any of this other bullshit that you're in here saying. this is because he pulled one over on you. he can't be trusted! tense music dad, i'm sorry that i kept this from you, but he didn't keep it from me, and i'm telling you i can trust him. and how can i trust you? wow, um. well, if you can't, then maybe you shouldn't come to the wedding. well, that about sums it up. i'm proud of you, michael. it's not easy to resist the temptation to make a deal that saves yourself. well, as far as i'm concerned, i did make a deal that saves myself. but i didn't just come here to make you proud. i came to ask a favor. name it. rachel and i want to get married before i go. i know it's not supposed to happen for another couple of months but you don't have that kind of time. look, i promise it's not gonna be too much trouble. we're not gonna invite too many people. i'd be honored, michael. thank you, father. michael, since you're not inviting many people, we don't have to do it in here. we could always do it in the small chapel. i appreciate that, father, but my mom and dad weren't married in the small chapel. okay, you're here. what's so important i had to reschedule an arraignment to meet with you? because that arraignment wasn't gonna lead to you putting corporate murderers behind bars. let me guess. you got a hold of some incriminating documents, and you want me to prosecute these people in exchange for keeping mike ross out of jail. murder for fraud, straight up. not interested. listen to me. compared to this, what mike ross did barely constitutes spitting on a sidewalk. i know that. then what the hell is wrong with you? i'll tell you what's wrong with me. you. you've been bending the rules since the day you were born, and i'm not letting you get away with it anymore. are you kidding me? you bent rules up and down this entire case. except the difference between you and me is, i'm bending them to get justice. putting these people away is justice. then give them to me anyway. that's right. you've been keeping this case in your back pocket waiting for a rainy day, because that's what you do. so maybe the next time you have a chance to put away murderers, you'll do it instead of saving it up for a chit down the road. you hate me that much? i don't hate you, but you did this, and you can try to get out of it, but what you can't do anymore is deny you did it. i'm not trying to get out of this. i'd take the punishment for him. you had plenty of chances to do that, but you waited until it was too late. now, you want to keep mike out of prison? you have to convince him to let you take his place. what are you doing here? sighs harvey, i want to talk to you. good, because i want to talk to you. i want you to be my best man. what? rachel and i want to get married. you're less than a day from prison, and you're thinking about dresses and flowers? harvey you know what? i'll be your best man on one condition. that ship has sailed. the hell it has. we can still call gibbs. i am not calling gibbs. get it through your head. this is on me. no, you get it through your head. i am not letting you go to prison for a crime that i committed. well, i'm not letting you go when you were gonna be found innocent. tense music what did you say? that's right, i lied. the verdict was not guilty. no, i don't believe you. then call the goddamn guy. why the hell would you lie to me? because the truth would have broken you. oh, except now you want to break me? because it's the only way you're gonna let me do this. you think putting a ring on rachel's finger is gonna make everything go away? you know what, harvey? you want to come to my wedding, you let me know. glass shattering you want to go to prison? rule number one never turn your back on anyone. i know what you're doing, and it's not gonna work. i'm not trying to take your place anymore. i'm trying to get you ready like gloria danner asked me to. harvey because you're weak. i am not weak. yeah, well, hit me. no. hit me. harvey, stop it. listen. no, you listen to me. you think you're not weak? you're only doing this because you feel guilty, all right? louis litt got you in a headlock. but i am not gonna hit you just because. tess's husband kicked your ass. you can't handle the fact logan sanders hooked up with rachel. stop right now. what do you think he's gonna do with her the second you get is that what you want? that i hate you, and that you made me do this? i'm gonna lose everything because of you! groans panting dark music sobbing mike, please. let's call gibbs. i can't. i can't, harvey. i can't. what are you doing? sometimes i like to come and just watch. see how far you've come? oh, something like that. gibbs didn't take the deal, jessica. i'm sorry, i was wrong. no, louis, you were right. he's family, and we had to try. and whoever's left, we'll be stronger, even if we're smaller. i'm sorry, mike. i shouldn't have told you the truth about the verdict. i probably shouldn't have hit you all those times. it's okay. makes me feel better knowing you have it in you. sighs i got to go. sighs i got to ask rachel to marry me. i thought you were already getting married. there's something i got to tell her first. you come here to gloat? because tonight is not the night. no, robert. i came here to make peace. you were right. i should have come to you, and i'm sorry i didn't, and i will regret that for the rest of my life. but i understand rachel is getting married tomorrow, and i'm telling you, if you're not there for her, you will regret it for the rest of yours. . keys clattering rachel? i'm in the bedroom. don't come in. why? what's wrong? no, nothing's wrong. i i have my dress on. rachel, come on, please. there are about a million things with this wedding that aren't going as planned, and i'm fine with that, but i'm not gonna jinx it by having you see me in my dress. rachel, i was wrong about the verdict. harvey lied to me. they were gonna find me not guilty. rachel, please open the door. why are you telling me this right now? because you only wanted to get married after you found out i was guilty, and i didn't want to start our life out with another secret. you were right. i should have had faith in myself, and i didn't. if you don't want to do this now, i understand. we can do it when i get out. in my mind, you are out, and no one knows what's gonna happen after they get married. they just know what's gonna happen the day that they do. and the day we're getting married is tomorrow. dramatic music laughs softly i don't think i've ever seen a more beautiful bride. that's good, because i have never seen a more beautiful maid of honor. laughs softly so i don't want to bother you, but i just wanted to come in and give you a little bit of an early wedding present. donna, you don't have to do that. your mom and dad are here. thank you. oh, don't thank me. thank jessica. um.i'm gonna go and put my necklace on before i make my mascara run. okay, i'll just be outside. no, no, please, i would, um. i'd rather you stay. okay. donna, can i talk to rachel for a second? mike, you can't. you can't see her before the ceremony. donna, please. okay, donna, can you just help me put laughs softly laughs softly mike, you can't see me in my dress. rachel, we can't do this. what? i just walked in and i saw your parents. they're here because they have to be, not because they want to be. mike it wasn't just the look on your father's face. it's the look on your mother's. they think i'm taking away your future. you are my future. hey, hey. i am not saying that i don't want to get married. i'm just saying that if for some reason i was responsible for taking away your dream. that you'd never be able to live with yourself. you go finish law school, okay? and you pass the bar, and you become a lawyer, and then.in two years when i get out, if you still want to marry me. oh, i will. of course i will. sighs sighs how'd you know? i knew, and there's no way i'm letting you do this alone. somber music they're all gone. it's not your fault, harvey. i made my case. i convinced you to hire me. i was the one that made the call. you were. but it doesn't matter. 'cause even knowing how it all turned out. i'd do it again. i guess i would too, 'cause i never thought in a million years i'd meet someone dumb enough to be willing to go to prison for me. i mean, donna always said you were looking for another you. i guess you found one. poignant music i guess it's time to get busy living and get busy dying. well, that's goddamn right. watch your back in there, mike. i will