 jessica. that's enough. dump it. or i will. you think this case is a winner? i do. then what do you say we do it together? rachel i'm afraid you're gonna end up hating each other. if i'm lucky, i'm gonna fight with him about a lot of things. why not start with a fight where we're both on the same side? this is harvey's last three income statements, and i found them sitting in the copy machine. you came to work for me. you knew who i was when you did, so now it's time for you to decide. are you with me or not? you always said, once you pick a side, if you're not loyal to that side, then who the hell are you? you should've thought of that before you picked someone who would do something like this in the first place. you ever take sides with jack soloff against me again, i will bury you. elevator bell dings well, you look happy. becky just tell susie she like likes you? eh, more like kelton insurance just told robert zane they're scared scared of us. you got a settlement offer? just like he said we would. i got to hand it to him, he played them perfectly. did he now? what? nothing. look, i take it back about becky. the only one with a crush around here is you. sounds like someone's worried that robert zane might be better than him. nice try, tiger, but did magic ever worry about bird? first of all, yes, he did. second of all, you realize you're the white guy in this scenario, right? i know i'm the bigger badass in every scenario. okay, mr. badass, which one are you, magic or bird? i think we both know i'm. both jordan. hey, why don't you go meet your boyfriend robert zane? i think i just left something at security. oh. look who like likes someone now. ma'am, the last time i let someone up that he wasn't expecting, he threatened to have me executed. i'm sure he did, but i'm telling you that. that gretchen obviously forgot to phone down, carl, because we have a meeting scheduled for right now. that isn't what she just. carl. a meeting with you. really? i promise i'm much better looking than whoever you were supposed to meet. you have no idea how right you are. but i could have sworn you were just on your way out. oh, that's not a problem. the mayor can wait. but i'm not sure the governor can. are you trying to out name drop me? if i were, i think i just did. but i'll let you in on a little secret. i don't really care about names that much. well, if you don't care about names, why don't we skip the introductions and just get down to breakfast? what if i already had breakfast? i'm talking about tomorrow morning, in my kitchen. or yours, i mean, you look like you have a nice place. as tempting as that is, maybe another time. good luck in your meeting. so how's my favorite pain in the ass lawyer? i thought louis was your favorite pain in the ass lawyer. he is, but louis isn't responsible for me getting to work on this. you're doing the grunt work on our case? i pulled some strings. thought it might give us a chance to work together. you know i'm engaged, right? yes, mike, that's my plan, to steal you from my boss's daughter. it's a thing. it's been done. well, i didn't come here to steal you. i came here to thank you. for what? come on, mike. i get fired, and two days later, i get an offer from rachel's father? whatever you did, i owe you one. actually, you owe rachel one. no shit. shit. both as clay davis from the wire shiiit. by the way, you're in the wrong conference room. okay, esther, what are you doing here? what, a woman can't stop by to see her brother, who she loves? please, you know damn well we don't love each other. in that case, i need a lawyer. laughs you? for what? did you give someone salmonella with your stupid muffins? i'm getting a divorce. well, good. i knew that guy was dead weight the second i met him. i know, i think that was your speech at our wedding. and your sympathy is touching, but i didn't come here to vindicate you. no, i know you didn't. you came to get me to slaughter jeffrey for you, and i will. when i'm done with him, he won't have a pot to shit in. it's piss in. and, louis, i don't want you to slaughter jeffrey. why the hell not? because i want harvey specter to. come again? you said he was the best attorney in the city. no, esther, i told you he was my best friend. which is exactly what you said about jeremy henschell in tenth grade, which really meant you worshipped him from afar, you wrote in your diary about him, and you never actually hung out. okay, you swore you never read my diary. and you swore you didn't spy on me and jeremy. oh, please, that was one time. i was on my way to get a glass of milk, and for your information, i've been lactose intolerant ever since. louis, are you gonna get me harvey, or do i have to get him myself? harvey is not taking on any new clients right now, and he's out of town for the next few years. louis, i know what you're doing. you think i want harvey because i don't think you're good enough. you're wrong. i know how good you are, but this is personal for me, which means it will be personal for you, and i can't have that. so please, will you get me harvey? i'll make it happen. thank you, louis. that was esther? yes, i know what you're gonna say. we look exactly alike. that actually wasn't. i get it. it's like looking at me in a wig. i've heard it a thousand times. yeah, the resemblance is uncanny. what? i'm just wondering why you're not getting up to go ask harvey. because i'm not gonna ask him. i'm gonna save some time and tell her he said no. louis. donna, we all know that harvey's furious at me. there's no way he's gonna do it. maybe not. but, louis, she's family, and if there's one thing that harvey understands, it's that. where the hell have you been? sorry, i got stuck in really bad traffic. so you were in the wrong conference room. for about minutes. so what did we get? want to take a guess? million. want to take a real guess? that was a real guess. son, what planet are you living on? the planet where you called to say we got a great settlement. million is a great settlement. million? robert, after fees, that's less than , per person. laughs then what do you suggest we counter with? i suggest we counter with a trial. are you nuts? you don't go to trial. you turn up the pressure, and then you settle. going to trial is turning up the pressure. the second we finish opening arguments, that offer is gonna triple. look, i've sat across the table from these two four times in the last six years, and when they say this is their best offer, it's their best offer, and we're recommending it. well, you can recommend whatever you want. i'm recommending we reject it. you don't give clients conflicting opinions. you work it out behind closed doors. well, maybe that's the problem. you want to do things behind closed doors. i actually want to be honest. hey, watch yourself, mike. you tell me this, would , per person be a great settlement if we were talking about laura's life or rachel's? you get out of here! you don't come back until you wrap your head around recommending this offer. and don't you ever use them against me again! man see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody wanna know how it feel everybody wanna see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie, i don't mind me and missy is so busy, busy making money all right all step back, i'm 'bout to dance the greenback boogie . don't tell me he wasn't in here either. he was in here, all right. what happened? did the settlement fall through? no, it didn't, but it should've. they gave us a shitty offer. robert's ready to take it. come on, if it's really that bad, why would he take it? because he knows his clients will jump all over it and it's the easy way out. so you think robert doesn't care about his clients? it sure seems that way. mike, i've only been here a few months, and there are a lot of things you can say about robert zane, but what you can't say is that he doesn't care about his clients. go away, louis. i would, but then i couldn't tell you about the million company i'm giving you. and why would you do that? 'cause i want to make up for our little misunderstanding. we didn't have a misunderstanding. you went after my money, so if you're giving me a client, there's some other misunderstanding that you're too chickenshit to tell me about. it's my sister's company. i'll give you her business. all you have to do is handle her divorce. i don't want your sister's business. now get out. harvey, this is my family. my sister, she. has never asked me for anything her entire life, not once. now the one time she does, i just can't let her down. louis, i'm not a divorce attorney. when has a shitty detail like that ever stopped you before? all right, i'll do it, on two conditions. first, you stay completely out of this case. done. second? i'll let you know when i think of it. how do i know it won't be something i can't stomach? you don't, but those are my two conditions. okay, harvey, you have a deal. one thing. promise me you won't sleep with esther. believe me, louis, the last thing i want to do is sleep with your sister. robert i'm glad you agree. i'll let you know when the paperwork's finished. i know you didn't wrap your head around this deal in the last ten minutes, so what are you still doing in my office? exactly what you'd be doing in my place. robert, i know you said that you know these two lawyers, but i don't. i need to see for myself what they will or won't do. and you still want to counter. i want to at least try. except you don't want to go by yourself, you want me to go with you. yes, i do. because you and i both know, if we don't go together, we don't stand a chance. i know we don't stand a chance either way. and if i do go, it makes me look like a fool. robert, i saved you from looking like a fool in that courtroom. i came through for you. now i'm asking you to come through for me on this. you and rachel are peas in a pod. chuckles can't believe she's really worth million. i can't believe you've never heard of her company. do i look like i buy a lot of potholders? she doesn't just sell potholders. she has a brand like martha stewart. look, i get that you think she's impressive, but to me, she's just louis's sister, which, as far as i'm concerned, is strike number two. what's strike number one? the fact that she's louis's sister. oh, come on, harvey, listen. are you gonna take this seriously or not? i'll tell you what i'm gonna do. i'm gonna go walk there. i'm gonna shake this woman's meaty hand. i'm gonna get this over with as quickly as possible. you? you've got to be kidding me. you two know each other? so you weren't meeting the governor. you're telling me you were really gonna blow off the mayor? the mayor. you don't know the mayor. i'm so sorry, let me introduce my soon to be former associate. chuckles rachel zane. esther edelstein. it's nice to finally meet the man i've heard such good things about. it's nice to meet the woman i've obviously heard nothing but lies about. let's get to it. yes. i just have to know, were one of the two of you adopted? i've been asking that for years. hey. get out. shit. come on, speak up, narcissist, it's not a freakin' library. reminder to thin the walls in the conference room make a peephole. what do you think you're doing? what happened? oh, i was just checking the sound proofing, making sure they thicken the walls in the conference room. so if i walk out this door and i turn to the right, i won't see harvey in there with esther? esther's here? i didn't know that. louis, listening through the wall is not staying out of her case, and if harvey finds out, he's gonna drop her. look, it's my sister, all right? i just want to make sure he does right by her. and you never would have asked him to take this case if you didn't trust that he would do just that. so put the glass down, go back to your office, and let him do his job. you know it'd be easier for both of us if you were wrong every once in a while. when we decided to get divorced, jeffrey and i agreed he would get of the company, no need to involve lawyers. the next thing i knew, i got a letter from a lawyer. jeffrey doesn't think is enough anymore. no, he doesn't. esther, i'm gonna ask you a question, and i want you to answer me honestly. who's leaving who? it's mutual. it's never mutual. so i'm gonna ask you again. who's driving this decision? i am. then the answer to our problem is for you to stay away from the negotiations. what? no, i'm not staying away. listen to me. he's going back on your deal because he wants to prolong the fight. i don't care. i spent years building the company. i'm not gonna sit back and let someone else decide how much i'm allowed to keep. then what'd you come to me for? because you're supposed to be the best. i am the best, and i didn't get that way letting someone else call the shots. so you're either gonna let me do that, or you're gonna get yourself another lawyer. . all right, here's what i need you to do. you can tell me what you need me to do in a minute. first we're gonna talk about what happened back there. what happened is, i laid down the law, she accepted, i'm the man. yep, uh huh. okay, i'm not talking about that. i'm talking about how the moment you walked through the door, you looked like you were struck by a bolt of lighting. i did not. you most certainly did. in fact, before you started fighting, i was afraid the two of you were gonna go at it on the table. afraid or hoping? that's unsavory. and you making lewd comments about our client isn't? lewd comments about what client? harvey likes louis's sister. that's funny, 'cause that's exactly what i came in here to talk to him about. you like louis's sister? not enough to fight you for her. well, you should reconsider. she's lovely. and i'm leaving. harvey, why are you all of a sudden taking on esther edelstein as a client? and don't tell me it's because she's lovely, because i'm not sure i believe that. i took her on because louis asked me to. and the last i heard, you and i were both pissed at him. and i still am. but he told me this was family, and. i thought this might be a chance for us all to get back on track. i like that, harvey. you just might turn out to be a half decent name partner after all. i doubt it. so do i. well, frankly, robert, i'm surprised you called for another meeting. surprised by a routine counter? when the first offer is as generous as ours, i am. just hear the man out, will. campbell v. state health. wilson v. genrx. friedman v. medfirst. those are identical class actions in which the average payout was million per plaintiff. they were jury awards, and two of them were reduced for being excessively punitive. dollar amount was still higher than what's on the table. after seven years of appeals. yeah, and like we said, we don't care how long it takes. we want triple what you're offering. and i want to skinny dip with sofia vergara, but no puedo hacerlo. that's spanish for we're not giving you another nickel. and what's spanish for we'll see you in court ? bring it on. that's enough. come on, will. we're just having a conversation. conversation? i gave you a fair offer, robert, because i respect you, and i thought that you respected me enough to know that i meant it when i said it's the best i could do. then he comes in here threatening a trial. well, you know what? you don't like what's on the table, we can pull the whole damn thing. i told you he wasn't messing around. you were right about that. now i'm right about taking this to trial. you aren't right about anything. i owed you. i paid up. we're done. no, we're not done, and i'm still not recommending this offer to my clients. well, that's too bad, because they already signed off. what? you talked to our clients before we even went in there? you're damn right i did. we took a shot, and it didn't work. now, in the meantime, we had an obligation to show their offer to our clients, and i did. don't give me some bullshit justification. you went behind my back. i didn't go behind your back. i went over your head. what the hell are you talking about? you know what the hell i'm talking about. i went to your boss's boss, and you know what? she and i see things the same way. and as far as i'm concerned, this case is settled. why don't you two have a seat? i suggest we get right to it. wait a second, where's esther? she won't be joining us, but i've been authorized to negotiate on her behalf. no. no, i'm not agreeing to anything without her here. that's because you don't really want to negotiate, you just want to stay connected to her, and that's not gonna happen. i don't know when you decided to become a divorce attorney, but that's not how it works. i didn't become a divorce attorney because it's the minor leagues, but this is how it works with me. what the hell is this? that's our new offer, nothing. this is bullshit. you thinking you deserve even of our client's business is bullshit. so you're either gonna accept the terms that you and esther agreed to, or you can take our new offer. you can threaten all you want, but my client has a right to what's his, and that's half the company, because years ago, that's what your client agreed to. see, i wasn't just gonna be esther's husband. i was gonna be a doctor, but i put that on hold while esther got her company off the ground, and when i said i was willing to do that, she said i'd get half. which constitutes an enforceable verbal contract. jeffrey so i don't care whether esther's here or not. she promised to spend our lives together, and she's breaking that promise. there's nothing i can do about that one, but i'm sure as hell gonna hold her to the other one. you have no proof she ever made that promise. ask your client about it, because when we depose her under oath, you can rest assured we will. . you authorized the settlement? you want to change that tone? no, i don't, because you told robert zane to treat me like a partner, and then you turned around, and you cut my legs out. i told him that because you were my proxy, but you're not my proxy with me. and i don't appreciate my decisions being questioned. did you even look at that offer? mike, i'm going to explain something to you that, based on your approach to this conversation, you clearly don't understand. this trial will cost millions. and arcadian has deep pockets. and they're not looking to empty them on a gamble. so this is all just about the money. were you born yesterday? the clients are looking for money. we're looking for money. the insurance company's looking to keep money. it's always about the money. and if you had some balls, we'd get a whole lot more. listen to me, i don't know what you thought marching in here was going to do other than piss me off, but you're going to march the hell back out because i have better things to do with my time than to explain to you how the world works. scoffs hey, i got your message. jeffrey signed the agreement? he did. all it needs is your john hancock. wait, this doesn't say . it says . oh, i'm sorry, did i forget to mention that he said you promised him of your company for putting off medical school? because you sure forgot to mention that to me. laughs you have got to be kidding me. how could you not tell me that? because it was a throwaway conversation we had years ago on the new jersey turnpike. well, it wasn't throwaway to him, and he's gonna use it because he's feeling betrayed. well, i don't really care what he's feeling because he's the one who had the affair. you wanted to know the circumstances of our divorce. well, that's what they are. that's why i'm leaving him. i am sure you wouldn't understand what's it like to experience infidelity. i would, and i do, but that doesn't change the fact that you made a contract. what about our other contract? . the original agreement supersedes it, and an affair doesn't change that. except he doesn't have any proof i ever made the original agreement. esther, they're gonna put you under oath and ask you point blank if this happened. and i'm going to say it didn't. that's perjury, and i'm not gonna let you do that. what are you, some white knight who never crosses the line to win? no, but i'm not gonna let you make a decision in the heat of the moment that you'll regret for the rest of your life. well, then you better find some other way to void this deal, because there's no way i'm giving my shit bag husband half of everything i own. i need you to find every loophole there is around verbal contracts. so jeffrey was telling the truth? yes, and she'd rather slit her wrists than give him , and i don't blame her. yeah, but she's the one who's leaving him, so. he cheated on her, didn't he? well, that's between our client and her soon to be ex husband, and i have no intention of letting him get the better of her. what? you're being protective. it's sweet. okay, listen to me, we're protecting esther because it's our job to protect her. and if we don't figure a way out of this, she's gonna lose millions of dollars, so you want to make observations about the two of us, do it all you want after we've won. i'm on it. okay, so final deal memos here, check authorizations here. now all we need to do is get kelton to sign, and we are done. mike, i know you think this deal sucks, but there is a silver lining. we got to work together again. what? i was just thinking about when we started. who would've thought that working with you would ever have been a silver lining? me? laughs yeah, you. what about you? what are you talking about? i have been a gentleman since day one. really? yes. remember the whole airplane incident? do i? yes, you were the one who. wait. wait, wait, wait, wait. wait a second. delta financial. what about them? there was a brochure for delta bauer financial on robert zane's desk. and on top of that, they were listed as a subsidiary on arcadian's annual report. as are other funds. other funds that don't have a brochure on robert zane's desk. mike. katrina, i need to know if they're one of your clients. you know i can't tell you that. okay, well, you just did. now i need to know if they own shares of kelton. i don't know if they own shares, and i'm not gonna find out. you don't care if robert zane is manipulating a case to service a hedge fund? it doesn't matter if i care. i can't violate attorney client privilege. you said you owe me. and you said i owe rachel. katrina, please. you said that robert is doing right by his clients. well, i just need to know which clients he's doing right by. sighs hey. do you have a minute? the last time i asked you that, you told me the answer was no. and i still gave you the minute. well, i happen to be in the middle of trying to get louis's sister out of a huge mess, so. that's what i wanted to talk to you about. louis promised to stay out of this. and he is, and i'm not here because he asked me to be. i'm here because i care about him and. that's not my problem. harvey, i'm not the enemy here. and louis is your partner and your friend, and right now, he needs a little reassurance. and i told you before, i'm not the guy that gives you a hug when you're scared. i'm the guy that wins when you need it the most. why can't you for once. you know what, donna, when i came to you for help, you said that i don't get to do that anymore. well, you don't get to do this anymore. now, if you'll excuse me, i have work to do. you know what, harvey? louis was afraid to let you take this case, and i told him not to be because i trusted that at the end of the day, you'd remember that we're family. but maybe i was wrong. because i spent years putting you first, and the day i finally decided to do something for myself, you didn't just stop treating me like family, you started treating me like a stranger. and for your information, that is a thousand times worse than if you treated me like your enemy. louis, did you need something? i need you to know how proud i am of you, 'cause seeing you working like this just reminds me how you persevered with the lsats and how you got into law school, and now. louis, i'm not telling you about esther's case. well, then what the hell good are you? louis, you promised harvey you would stay out of it. i just need to know what happened. what happened with what? what happened with them. i mean, it's no secret that i hated jeffrey, but esther, she loved him, and for them to just. i need to know why. he cheated on her. well, then you promise me that the two of you. stick it to that sack of shit. what do you think i'm working on? . we're all squared away on the paperwork? no, we're not squared away on shit until you tell me whether or not you knew. you want to run that by me again? delta financial, your client. did you know they were heavily invested in kelton? are you accusing me of something, mike? because you better watch what you say. you still haven't answered my question. did you know a subsidiary of the hedge fund backing our suit just purchased a huge block of kelton shares? i am their lawyer, not a stock analyst. then maybe you can explain to me why you have one of their brochures on your desk? okay, listen to me, mr. photographic memory. underneath this brochure are another that have been piling up there for a year and a half because i'm looking to invest my money that someday may be going to your children. wait, you think we want money that comes from some stock that went through the roof because you authorized a settlement lower than street expectations? okay, you've said your piece. now i'm gonna say mine. i have been a lawyer and an officer of the court longer than you've breathed air, and i'm looking you straight in the eye and telling you that i am an honest man. you know as an honest man that now that we've discovered this, we have to disclose it as conflict of interest. then bury it, deep in the fine print, because it had nothing to do with my recommendation, and i'm not gonna let it blow this goddamn deal. since when did this become a deposition? it didn't, but since you seemed so anxious to ask esther about what she said in the past, i thought i'd just save us all the trouble and get it on the record myself. what? i never agreed. you promised jeffrey of your company, didn't you? yes, i did. then it's settled. well, not quite. now that our client has admitted that she made the agreement, we'd like to discuss the circumstances under which she did. what do you mean the circumstances? she promised me , period. no, she promised you because you forfeited your admission to medical school. that's right, and instead of going to stanford, i stayed home and took care of our family. rachel then why is there no record of you ever being admitted to stanford? or any school, for that matter? just a pile of rejection letters. you lied to me? this is ridiculous. lots of people don't get into medical school on the first try. you were gonna take half of my company on the first try. . he's not getting another penny of the business i built myself. jeffrey you want to talk about doing things yourself? who do you think stayed home and kept our family together while you were too busy baking muffins to make dinner for your kids? esther don't you dare attack me as a mother! you cheated on me! esther, i'm sorry. i made a mistake. but i did give up everything for you. i put my life on hold. i sacrificed my dream for yours. i'm never gonna get those years back. esther no, jeffrey. we had everything, and you ruined it. all right, that's enough. you have our final offer. this better not be about robert zane again. just give me one minute. god damn it. one of his clients purchased shares of kelton, and if they acted on privileged information. i know the law. well, then you know it's unethical at best and illegal at worst. what do you want from me? i want to know if you think he knew. what the hell difference does that make? it's the difference between a legitimate settlement and stock manipulation. you mean it would make him a fraud? this isn't the same thing, and you know it. i'm not trying to screw over my clients. why would you even bring that up right now? because you begged me for this case and a chance to work with that man. and if he colluded with them, we can stick a better settlement down their throats. do you really think robert zane is dirty enough to do that? i don't know, but i find it hard to believe that he's dumb enough not to know. my dad's not dumb. and he's not dirty. rachel. and the last time someone called him shady, it was louis, and you almost punched him over it. this is different. this is the same. you were gonna punch him because an attack on me is an attack on you. well, attack on my father is an attack on me, and you're the one who's doing it. nobody's attacking anybody. mike, you once came to me asking me to give you the benefit of the doubt, and i gave it to you. so the least you can do is give it to him. i was hoping you had good news, but you're not pouring that drink because we have a deal. we don't, but we can. what are you saying? i'm saying they offered , and i talked them down to . and why should i take it? because he's not the one dragging this fight out anymore. you are. and whether or not you believe he gave up everything for you, he does. tell me i don't have the right to be angry. do you know why i never even considered becoming a divorce attorney? because it's beneath you. because there are children involved. when people get caught up in divorce. they forget there are some things in life that are more important than money. okay, harvey. . you know, you're not exactly the harvey specter i was expecting. is that a good thing or a bad thing? a good thing. you're not exactly the louis's sister i was expecting. is that a good thing or a bad thing? a good thing. definitely a good thing. would you like to take me home tonight? i would. but i need you to sign that first. why is that? because then you won't be my client anymore. a man with a code. maybe you are a white knight after all. come on, let's get out of here. . louis, it's midnight. what's. harvey's screwing esther. what? look at this. it's an agreement that esther signed that agrees to give jeffrey . that's more than she needs to pay that son of a bitch. where did you get this? well, i was walking down the hall. i saw two glasses, a bottle of scotch, and that. he got her drunk, so he could screw me over. okay, there is no way harvey would ever do that. you woke me up in the middle of the night to tell me that? donna, extra is million. how do you explain that? i can't. i can. he's trying to get me back about his compensation by trying to screw over another litt. so what i need you to do. louis, the only thing that i need to do is tell you you're crazy and go back to sleep. and if you do anything between now and tomorrow other than confront harvey face to face, so help me god, you will not have a secretary in the morning. hey. hey. i'm letting it go. does that have something to do with where you've been so early in the morning? yeah. you went to see my dad? i went to see emma powell, asked her how she felt about the settlement. she said it would change her life. you said it wasn't enough money. she didn't even mention the money. she said, for her, the settlement was proof that kelton didn't do right by her husband, and that was all she needed. chuckles okay. so because the plaintiff was happy, all of a sudden, you think my dad's an honest man. no. i went there to see if i could let it go. i know your dad is an honest man because he's raised someone like you. you were right. i never should have questioned his integrity. i was also right that you never should've taken this case. no, you were wrong about that. i told you we might fight, but it would bring us closer together, and it did. and not just me and your father. what does that mean? i mean you and your father. chuckles i have never seen you leap to his defense like that. i did leap to his defense, didn't i? you sure did. you think our daughter will leap to my defense like that one day? she sure will. louis, what are you doing here? i'll tell you what i'm doing here. i'm coming to you face to face about screwing my sister. excuse me? i saw the terms, harvey. they're a joke. no, they're what esther wanted. and you swore you'd stay out of this. well, it's a good thing i didn't because there's no way she wanted to give away millions of dollars. it's called being charitable in order to move on. it's called jeffrey's a piece of shit, not the march of dimes. he should be getting nothing. instead of being focused on what he gets, you should be focused on what esther gets, which is to be happy. wrong, litts are never happy, and you're using her to get to me. how the hell am i doing that? you think i went after your money by changing the firm's compensation structure. you did come after my money! and now you're going after esther's to even the score. if i wanted to even the score, i wouldn't come after your sister. i'd be coming after you. and for your information, i convinced her to be forgiving by telling her that there are some things in life that are more important than money. bullshit! you don't believe that. louis, i didn't take this to get back at you. i took it because it was a chance to bury the hatchet and move on. so either let these terms stand, or do what you always do and screw everything up. robert, i'm glad you're here. what the hell did you do? what are you talking about? i went to see emma powell, but i swear to god, i did not undermine the settlement. i'm not talking about that. i'm talking about you going behind my back to arcadian. i didn't do that. oh, you expect me to believe that after all the shit you told me the last time i saw you? you can believe it or not, but i'm telling you i didn't do anything. then who did? i did. you said if he colluded with arcadian, then we could shove a bigger settlement down their throats. but he didn't have to collude, because arcadian already had access to that settlement. which makes it insider trading anyway. and i pointed out to them that if they were to divest their shares to our clients who don't have insider knowledge, then they've done nothing wrong. no harm done. the harm is you lost me my client and made me look like a fool. no, robert, they did that by not telling you what they did. which means the client you lost was breaking the law. and worse than that, they were lying to their lawyer. so you think this is funny? no, i don't. i think your future son in law trusted you had nothing to do with it and then saved your ass from committing a crime. you're. welcome? thank you. and you have my condolences. for what? for having to deal with him. oh, you have no idea. hey, right here. i'm standing right here, guys. can i buy you a drink? mm hmm. if you guys, you know, need anything fixed or saved that no one else seems to be able to do, i'll be right here. hey. hey. what are you doing here? i wanted to tell you how grateful i am. you don't need to do that. yes. i do. this whole mess has been the hardest thing i've ever gone through. and i wouldn't have gotten through it without you reminding me what's really important. thank you for that. take care, harvey. good luck, esther. oh, by the way, louis wanted me to tell you how grateful he is too. harvey. louis. what can i do for you? remember when i said, if wanted you to make up for the compensation vote, i would come to you directly? well, now i am. well, what happened to some things in life are more important than money ? this isn't about the money. this is about making things right. i'm sorry, harvey. for what? i act like i don't know esther's beautiful, but i do. it started when we were in junior high and all the cool kids would hang out with me just so they could get close to her. sometimes it worked, and sometimes it didn't, but either way, when it was over. they all acted like they didn't know me at all. so when i thought you were using her to get to me, i, uh. i wasn't doing that, louis. i know. i'll take care of the compensation issue. soft music what can i do for you, harvey? i wanted to thank you. for what? for years