 you can't just quit. i'm not quitting. i'm going to work for louis. your sleepless nights aren't going to stop until you accept the fact that your secretary isn't coming back. and i told you they'll stop when she does. this is my formal notice, but i have no intention of leaving you high and dry, so let's talk about finding you someone in the next two weeks. do you know what's best for me? ripping the band aid off. harvey. so why don't you clean out your desk and walk yourself over to louis? hey, harvey, if there are any hard feelings with donna. no, louis, no hard feelings. okay, but i just want to say if there were. i said there's no hard feelings. jack soloff has been going around the firm saying you're never gonna save that company. since when do you care so much about what jack soloff says? since he's a senior partner with ambition. i called your father today. rachel elizabeth zane, will you marry me? yes. laughs jazz music how come i never get to pick the places we eat? because i don't want chicken nuggets for dinner, and you could take a break from them yourself. i don't see a little healthy heart next to this duck liver mousse. very funny. i got mike to try it. i can't help it if the man is whipped. laughs speaking of which, let me see that ring your mother keeps talking about. ooh. okay. i guess he knows what he's doing. well, he's marrying me, so obviously. while we're on the topic. this is a prenup. yeah. i had tom draw it up. it's actually a standard boilerplate. i don't wanna start my marriage planning how it's going to end. rachel, that is not what a prenup is for, and you know that. it's to isolate assets in order to protect yourself. i don't have assets to protect. yes, you do. scoffs right. you're talking about your money. i haven't taken a dime from you since the day i graduated from college. yeah, maybe not, but one day you're gonna get everything i have. dad. rachel, marriages end all the time, and i just want to make sure that you're taken care of, if something goes wrong between you and mike. if something goes wrong between me and mike, i will be taken care of, because mike wouldn't. you don't know that. you don't know mike. you're right, i don't, which is why i had that drawn up, and the least you could do is take it home and look it over. fine. now, can we enjoy the rest of our dinner together? we can try. funk music big mike. it's been too long. too long. guess we're just too busy being kickass associates at kickass law firms. i don't know about you, but some days i kick ass. and some days. both you get your ass kicked. whoo! okay, mike, so what is this big news? you the fastest person ever to make it to junior partner? better. i got engaged. no shit. yes shit. well, what country is she from? what are you talking about? well, i'm assuming she's a mail order bride. okay. it's rachel zane. damn. mm hmm. congratulations, bro. seriously, you hit the jackpot with that one. thank you, jimmy. uh, the. wait. wait a second, does harold know? no, that's why i brought you guys down here. okay. you do know he has a huge crush on her, right? how huge? mike, come on. we're talking about harold here. what do you think? oh, shit. hey, bros, what's the haps? hey. hey. i will tell you the haps, harold. do you remember rachel zane? uh, yeah, of course. i still check her facebook page, like, ten times a day. chuckles why? did something bad happen to her? well, if i was her, i would think it was bad. in fact, i'd think it really sucked. rachel and i got engaged. oh, that's amazing. i am so happy for you, man. wow. really? 'cause you sure don't look happy. hey, jimmy, why don't you go get harold a drink? why don't i don't? wait a second, mike. do you remember that time when i walked in on you and donna paulsen in the file room, and she was on her knees? let's be honest, we all know what was going on there. does rachel know about that? not only does she know, she's totally fine with it. oh, my god. you are the luckiest man in the entire freaking world. i know. i know. pissing me off. i need my waitress. i need a mai tai. yeah, go get her. mai tai? he needs some sex from a woman. both laugh elevator bell dings i don't suppose one of those would be for me. i don't think you'd want it if it was. louis likes six sugars. of course he does. i hear you're interviewing replacements this morning. i am. jack soloff. what brings you to my neck of the woods? you do. oh, does this have anything to do with jessica not being at the partners meeting tomorrow? it sure does. oh, well, then i'm way ahead of you. she doesn't get it. we need ventilation in the men's bathroom. i was in there after neil sweetzer this morning, and my eyes, they nearly melted off my face. that is a problem. not why i'm here. i'd like to alter the firm's compensation formula. okay, jack, look, i know that you're the new head of the compensation committee, but i don't think that's a good idea. salaries should be weighted more towards billables than contingent compensation. what do you think about that? i think that affects harvey's salary more than anyone else's. would it? hadn't realized. bullshit. you're using your position to take on harvey. hey, you don't make a name for yourself taking on nobody. would you rather it be you? you threatening me? laughs why would i do that? louis, you're a name partner. got there by being a grinder. it's only fair that the grinders of this firm got a bigger piece of the pie. on top of that, jessica's not gonna be at the meeting tomorrow. timing couldn't be better. you know what? bring it up. thank you, louis. what was that? what was what? that. that was jack soloff wanting to run his proposal by me. yeah. a bullshit proposal designed to cut harvey's salary. you're picking a fight with him. no, i'm not. i'm letting him bring up his proposal at the meeting, so i can smack it down. why would you do that? because i saw the look on harvey's face. he's jealous of us, and i want the chance to back him publicly. louis, harvey might be upset about us, but encouraging people to go after him just so you can have his back is a huge mistake. you were at millstein swain for seven years. when ellen swain retired, i decided it was time to move on. why not go to another partner in the firm? because i didn't think any of the other partners were good enough. i appreciate the honesty. and i appreciate being the first person you called in, and if you're as good at reading people as they say, i'll also be the last. is that a fact? call anyone you want. i'm the deion sanders of legal secretaries. deion sanders? i'm quick on my feet. i know how to intercept a problem. yeah, but deion sanders? if you prefer another era, dick butkus. either way, no one gets by me. you don't look like dick butkus. no, i don't. well, thanks, abigail. i'll be in touch. you. how long have you been a legal secretary? years this spring. you good at what you do? i'm great at what i do. then you start tomorrow. suits x compensation original air date on july , see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody wanna know how it feel everybody wanna see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie, i don't mind me and missy is so busy, busy making money all right all step back, i'm 'bout to dance sync, corrected by elderman elder man the greenback boogie well, what do you think? size ? you know it. then i think they're awesome. you didn't come all the way down here to give me your new shoe. and i'm telling you for the hundredth time, michael is not leaving nike. and for the first time, i'm not here about michael. adidas just made me an offer for million. adidas can go to hell. that's of what your company's worth. harvey, i want to take it. what? i'm not letting you do that. i'm not asking for your permission. and i don't give a shit. i'm not letting you sell your company for pennies on the dollar. where the hell is this coming from? it's coming from the fact that life is short, i'm burnt out, and i'm ready to move on. life is short? that's your reason for not thinking this through? i don't want to think it through. i might change my mind and not do it at all. okay, teddy, you want to sell? sell, but we built this company from the ground up. give me a week to get you a better offer. i'll give you the same thing they're giving me. hours. then i'll take it. by the way, where's donna? she moved on. you see? that's what i'm talking about. life is short. donna moved on to something better. she didn't move on to something better. what do you mean? she's working for louis. litt? what the hell happened? nothing happened. just time for a change. ah. if she's working for that asshole, something happened. teddy, you say you know when it's time to move on, it's time to move on from this topic right now. okay, harvey. all i'm saying is mrs. keebler out there ain't no donna. twice in two days? people are gonna get the wrong idea. well, they can think what they're gonna think, but it's not going to stop me from giving my boy an engagement gift. you're giving me a case? it's not just any case. this is right up your alley. do gooder lane. all right. listen, mike. these people got the shaft for one reason. they're poor, and no one gives a shit about 'em. they need a hero, and you're that guy. why aren't you that guy? oh, i am that guy, but you're the one getting married to rachel zane. the same rachel zane that i almost got fired, and then you gave me a second chance. so this is your way of making it up to me? listen, mike, talk to the plaintiffs, listen to their stories, and i promise you it'll break your little bleeding heart. thank you, jimmy. yeah, you bet. what if i can't get jessica to sign off? then i'll just take the case back and get you a decanter or some shit. louis so it's unanimous. from now on, all first years are required to bill , hours and bring their own lunches. congratulations, louis, another generation of associates smacked into submission. now, if you'll excuse me, i think i'm done with this meeting. harvey, please, we still have new business. speaking of which, i'd like to propose a change to the current compensation formula. excuse me? well, since taking over the committee, i've been evaluating pay structures, and i think it's high time that this firm put a larger emphasis on billable hours. why don't you stick to the th floor, jack? i take it you have a problem with my proposal. you're damn right i do. i just took on the sale of a man's company, and my entire fee is contingent based. because you operate as your own entity, while the rest of us are members of a team known as this firm. no, because i bring in a truckload of money for this firm. well, like i said, special rules for harvey specter. you know what, jack? that's enough. the current system works fine, and i don't appreciate you speaking to harvey in such a disrespectful manner. are you shitting me? harvey, i'm sorry. save your sorries, louis. this meeting's over. harvey, listen. i'm on your side. yeah. i don't need you on my side, okay? i have shit to do. wait. i haven't even brought up my proposal yet for the men's bathroom. you want to finish being king for a day? be my guest. enjoy your coffee and your sugars, and go for it, but like i said, i have shit to do. stanley was a good man. never missed a day of work, provided for his family. he didn't deserve what happened to him. what did happen? like i told the other lawyer, he went to the hospital with chest pains. they said it was nothing. he kept complaining. stanley never complained. two days later they released him. stanley went to sleep in our bed that night. and he never woke up. no. he didn't. are you sure the hospital released him because the insurance company cut his stay? he was sick, mr. ross, and they just sent him home. there are over other people who had the exact same thing happen to them. you think that's a coincidence? no, i don't, which is why i'm considering reopening this case. so what's stopping you? well, for one thing, i want to know why your other lawyer dropped out. because they worked that man to the bone. he almost lost his entire practice, but i was told that you're with a big, powerful firm. i am. but i don't know if i'm gonna be able to get them to sign off on this. so what are we supposed to do? you're supposed to sit tight. what the hell was that? what are you talking about? you know exactly what i'm talking about. you stormed out of the meeting that we were supposed to run together. i didn't storm out, i walked out because you were doing a shitty job running it. what are you talking about? i had your back. after you let that clown come after my salary. i didn't let him do anything. i defended you, and then you smack me down, after which i had to postpone a presentation that i was very passionate about. it's a bathroom, louis. it smells sometimes. so why don't you just go in there, do what people do in there, and get out of my face? you know what? donna was right. i should have never tried to make things right with you. make things right with me? yeah, harvey. i let jack do that so that i could put him in his place and show you that i had your back, but you can't see it because you're too damn jealous of me and donna. what did you just say to me? you're jealous. you know what, louis, if i was so upset about the two of you, why am i still paying her salary? bullshit. the firm pays her salary. not all of it. you see, when i brought her over here from the da's office, jessica wouldn't hire her because i was an associate, so i paid her salary. and then i made partner, and i didn't think it was enough, so i paid her more. and again and again and again. so i've had enough of you telling me i'm jealous. yeah, well, donna doesn't work for you anymore. she works for me, and the only person who's gonna be taking care of her salary. this guy. you got that? fine by me. but before you say that, you better know what you're getting yourself into. oh, yeah, i know what i'm getting myself into, because you can't put a price tag on a woman like that. i need to talk to you. let me guess. you got into a pissing contest with harvey, he told you he's been covering donna's salary, you, out of pride, said that you were going to take it on, and now you're here to find out how much you're on the hook for. nothing like that. oh, good. then what is it? everything you just said. louis. jessica, please. i just want to see the number. okay, louis. you want to see the number? here's the number. thank y. holy goddamn shit. are you sure you didn't accidentally add a zero? yes, i'm sure. is there any way the firm can. the firm is not going to pick this up. harvey knew that, and he chose to pay her more anyway. what the hell am i supposed to do? well, it seems to me you have two options you can tell donna that harvey's been augmenting her salary, and you don't want to do it anymore. negatory. or you can pay it yourself. not happening. there is a third option. i can send her back to harvey. how dare you? louis what do you mean i'm not liquid? who told you to only save cash? well, i don't care what i said. does my podiatrist listen to me when i tell him i have hammertoe? donna is everything okay, louis? everything's wonderful. okay. actually, it occurred to me that we have not discussed a very important subject. what is it? donna, money's a very sensitive issue. mm hmm. and i think you should be fairly compensated. i mean, i know how hard it was for you to leave harvey for me, and i am forever grateful. it's just that i. louis, shh. i don't need a huge raise. the standard is more than enough. ? yes. you have a huge heart, but i already make more than every other secretary at the firm, so. it is. thanks, louis. don't mention it. hey, do you have a second? i need your legal advice about something. yeah, of course. what is it? my fianc e left this prenup in the kitchen. i'm just wondering if you think i should sign it. mike, it's not what it looks like. it looks like your father had a prenup prepared for you to make me sign. then it's exactly what it looks like. and i'm guessing you don't want me to sign it? no, i don't, because he's been trying to control me my entire life, and i'm not gonna let him do that with this. has it occurred to you that maybe your father is only doing this because he loves you? i don't really care why he's doing it. great marriages don't start with contracts. i know that. then why are you grilling me? hey. because there's a reason that you didn't tell me about this, and i need to know what it is. my dad said he doesn't know the man that i'm choosing to marry, and i just. i didn't want to tell you that. well, i found out anyway. yeah. rachel, in the future, i want you to feel comfortable telling me this stuff in the first place. i will. mr. specter, i wanted to. you're still here? i don't leave until you leave. well, in that case, what time is my meeting with adidas? . i moved your to and your to . did you line up. buyers? i did but not for another week. nike and puma are overseas, and you said reebok didn't matter if the other two can't be there. god damn it. there's one more thing. what difference does it make? i can't delay the sale if i don't know why my client is dumping his company on a whim. that's the one more thing. mr. doyle's best friend died a month ago of pancreatic cancer. he was . how'd you know that? something he said to you just before he started talking shit about me stuck in my head. what exactly was that? when people say life is short two times in seconds, it's usually right after somebody died. i take it you were listening to our conversation. that's what good secretaries do. sorry about the keebler thing. you didn't say it. besides, it doesn't take albert einstein to figure out why you hired somebody that look like me to replace somebody that look like her. listen, gretchen, i. you don't have to worry about that with me. i prefer my men manly. am i not manly? well, if you have to ask. mike, how you doing? robert. what can i do for you? i heard you wanted me to sign a prenup. i did. i hope you didn't take it personally. of course not, i'm happy to sign it, but rachel did say that you don't know what kind of guy i am, so i thought i'd come here to show you that this is the kind of guy i am. you're going after kelton insurance? it's not about who i'm going after. it's about who i'm representing. i'm putting my ass on the line for people who have no one to fight for them other than me, so if you're worried that i'd go after rachel's money if something went wrong. you're not that type of guy. no, i'm not. i respect that. thank you, sir. but let me tell you something. i used to be one of those people, and i scratched and clawed my way to where i am today, which is why i know when you come from nothing and you make yourself into something, you're always waiting for the day they're gonna come and take it away. i'm telling you that i come from nothing, and i would never do that. i'm not saying you're gonna take it. i'm saying you might do something that makes someone else take it. what do you mean? you're learning at the feet of harvey specter and jessica pearson, and they know something i know. you're gonna be a great lawyer. you're gonna crack some eggs, and you never know when someone's gonna come at you to take what's yours for something you did. robert, i would never. let me finish. i'm telling you this because you're gonna be family. you might not have crossed any lines yet, but you will. i'm just trying to protect my baby girl. jessica, you wanted to see me? actually, louis wants to see both of us. harvey then let's get it over with. okay. i would like to propose a revamping of the pay structure under the following guidelines. we increase the percentage of billables the partners get. we decrease the percentage of contingent fees by an offsetting amount. what? that's what jack soloff said yesterday. no, this is different. i've capped the amount it affects any one partner. you got to be shitting me. i know you're wondering why i'm proposing this. it's crystal clear why you're proposing it. you get the exact amount to cover donna's salary, and you take it out of my paycheck. louis. this has nothing to do with that. jack had a great idea. it just needed some fine tuning. fine tuning? you're the one that said you only let him bring it up so that you can smack it down. is that true? yes. maybe, but i had some time to think about it. jack put something on the table, and it's our duty to follow through on it. oh, bullshit. you're only following through on it because you're a cheap son of a bitch. harvey. i don't want to hear it, jessica. yesterday, he accused me of being jealous. today, he's coming after my money. no, i'm not. shut up. we both know donna going to work for you has nothing to do with you. you got lucky. lucky? like a monkey who won the lottery, so the least you can do is be a man, pay her yourself, or suck it up and tell her the truth. jessica all right. that's enough. we're not doing this. i am a name partner. louis. no. he has no right to. i will slap the taste out of your mouth. thanks, jessica. i appreciate you being on the same page. oh, we're not on the same page. what are you talking about? i wanted the two of you to run that meeting yesterday to see if you were okay with each other, but you're not. he may be cheap, but he's right. you are taking your donna anger out on him, and it needs to stop. i don't have donna anger. oh, like hell you don't. and if you don't admit that to yourself, i'll slap the taste out of your mouth too. what you working on there, mike? um, nothing. just some cleanup. what can i do for you, jessica? you can tell me why you reopened a case against a major insurance company we were never a part of to start with. um, i reopened it because i looked at it and it's a winner. well, i also looked at it, and i say it's a loser. jessica, look. you took a case on contingency where every plaintiff is dirt poor, which means, even if we win, compensation for lost wages is nothing. you're leaving out punitive damages, and harvey takes cases on contingency all the time. yeah, he takes them to make money, not to save kittens in trees. and i just told you this is going to make money. and that's what you said about liberty rail, and instead of making money, it almost ended with donna behind bars. no one is going to jail for this. no, they're not, because it's going to cost a fortune to fund, and i'm not laying out that kind of money on a long shot. jessica, look. i promised myself that i. i don't care who you promised. you took this case without running it by me, and you did it because you knew i'd say no. jessica. so that's enough. dump it, or i will. i need to talk to you. really? 'cause the last time you talked to me, you told me to open my mouth, and you slammed it shut. because you wanted to go after harvey, but now i'm on board. why should i believe you? answer me this. how many partners do you have in your pocket, if we put your proposal to a vote? i can get . well, then the reason you can believe me is that i'm gonna get you the difference. how you gonna do that if you don't have the courage to back my plan at your own meeting? by showing everyone at this firm exactly what harvey makes. chuckles now i know you're bullshitting me. you'd be fired if you did that. not if i do it by accident. can you believe that sneaker brings in over a billion dollars from china alone? with earnings like that, makes me wonder why you're trying to rip off my client. buying a man's company for a fair price is hardly ripping him off. but it's not a fair price. you gave my client hours to take your offer. i'm gonna give you five minutes to take mine. double your money, or i walk out the door. that's ridiculous. what's ridiculous is you preying on a man who just lost his lifelong friend. i'm a businessman, not a grief counselor. then let me counsel you on this. because he's grieving, i have the ability to go to the board and delay this sale. but you're not going to, because you know it'll drive down the price even more when he eventually wants to sell anyway. you're right, it will, but i'll tell you what, mr. polk, it'll still be worth more than your offer. and after my client's grief passes, he may still want to sell, but it sure as hell won't be to you. i got to call you back. how the hell did you get in here? i fired your assistant ten minutes after i fired you. guess amy still knows how to get a person through. congratulations. you made your way in. you can make your way out. not before i give you the chance to make million. mm hmm. what makes you think i want to get in the business of underwriting class action lawsuits? because you're in the business of making money, and before you say no, i'm gonna give you off the top. it's the best deal out there. well, that's not good enough. . are you authorized to do that? no, you're not. knowing you, you probably don't even have the authorization to come to me in the first place. i came to you because this is our chance to make it right. bullshit. you need money. that's the only reason you're standing here in front of me. jonathan, i could have gone anywhere. i came to you for the same reason i went to walter gillis, to make it right. pick up the phone and ask him. i'm not walter gillis. tell amy i said thank you for getting you past security, 'cause now i'm gonna call every investment banker i know and tell them to pass on your offer because mike ross can't be trusted. what the hell is this? i have no idea what you're talking about. yes, you do. this is harvey's last three income statements, and i found them sitting in the copy machine. donna, i need you to put that back where you found it, and i need you to put it back now. i won't do it. that was not a request. that was an order. i don't care. i'm not gonna let you do this. see? i knew that you would jump at the first opportunity you had to take his side over mine. this isn't me taking harvey's side. this is me stopping you from making a huge mistake. and if he did the same thing, you wouldn't be stopping him. harvey would never do anything like this, and if he did, i sure as hell would. oh, bullshit. no, louis. it's not bullshit. you have no idea how many times i kept him from going overboard with you. it was half my goddamn job. well, you know what? you didn't stop him every time, and you're not stopping me this time. now, give me that thing. okay. fine. you don't want to put it back? i'll do it myself. louis. no. donna, you know what? you came to work for me. you knew who i was when you did, so now it's time for you to decide. are you with me or not? while i'm not opposed to unexpected gifts on my desk, i do prefer if they're made of chocolate. got it. next time i leave you a signed prenup, it will be made of chocolate. why did you sign it? i went to see your dad. you did what? i wanted to show him what kind of man his daughter was marrying, because i wanted him to trust me. mike, he doesn't trust anybody, which is exactly why i'm not interested in his marital advice. but like you said, i would appreciate it if in the future, you tell me if you're gonna do something like that. you're right, i should have told you before i went over there, but for the record, instead of getting him to trust me, i ended up trusting him. mike. rachel, listen to me. i know you think that he's doing this to control you, but he thinks he's doing it to protect you. and the truth is that i never had a father who could do something like that for me, so. i think that you should try and see where he's coming from. what's that? it's your new offer. it's twice the money. it's what i do. and that's why i pay you so much. i didn't do it for the money, teddy. i did it because you were getting ripped off, and i'm not gonna let that happen to you, no matter what the circumstances. you found out. why didn't you tell me what happened? because i didn't want you to try and stop me. you still could have come to me. and tell you what? that my best friend from when we were seven died out of the blue? i hadn't spoken to him in years, because we got into a fight over some woman whose name i can't even remember. and now i don't give a shit about the sneaker business. well, i would have understood. would you have? look, harvey, i appreciate what you did for me. if i'm ever back in business, you'll always be my lawyer. i'll always be your friend. louis, do you have a second? oh, i don't know. what animal are you gonna call me now? an iguana? i'm not gonna call you anything. i'm here because i want to put everything behind us. well, aren't i lucky? louis, please. you were right. i was a dick in that meeting and again in the bathroom and again with jessica. i said some things that i wish i could take back, but we've been friends with each other for a long time, and i don't want to throw that away. you really mean that? i do. chuckles come here. harvey, this is amazing. i never thought you would come to me and. oh, shit. oh, shit what? i forgot. i have to put a bid on an item on ebay. what? a mongolian. praying mantis piano ballet. good talk. i have to go. what is that? you shouldn't be reading that. that's privileged information. where the hell did you. oh, shit. what's that for? it's a retainer. i am looking for some legal advice. i don't think you can afford me. chuckles it won't take long. i just want you to take a look at this. you got mike to sign this? my dad did. then why are you coming to me? because you once told me that you have a father just like mine. let me guess, you think robert is trying to control you? he did manage to construct a situation where the two most important men in my life are making decisions about me without me. you know what i think? i think this has nothing to do with your dad, and you know it. mike. yes. mike. that's the real reason why you're coming to me, even though you told yourself it wasn't. it could protect me. it could. it could also do something else. undermine my relationship. believe me. i learned that one the hard way, which means you need to ask yourself, how much do you really love mike? i love him all the way. then don't sign it. on the house. and, rachel, as far as your father goes, he and i don't always see eye to eye, but i do respect that man. and if he is anything like my father, for all of his faults, he would take a bullet before he'd let anything happen to his little girl. thank you. uh, okay. harold and i ponied up last time because it was a special occasion, but tonight drinks are on you, my friend. that's fair. as much as i appreciate it, jimmy, i got to return the gift. what? yeah. i can't take the case. no, no, no. what do you mean you can't take the case? jessica won't lay out the money for the man hours. okay, then get somebody else to lay out the money. mike, investment banks are taking stakes in shit like this now. you, of all people, should know that. you think i didn't try that? it didn't work. god damn it, mike. you always said you gave a shit about people. and you said that i could return this case. i don't care what i said. jimmy, what the hell is going on here? okay. one of the victims was my uncle keith, but i didn't tell you about him because my cousin came to me and asked me to make it right, and i promised her that i would. it's just i don't have the juice at my firm, and i was. i was too ashamed to tell you. jimmy. no, mike, listen. look, i'm sorry i didn't tell you straight up. but, please, these people need your help. what can i do for you, jack? you can explain to me how the hell you justify making this much money. where'd you get this? was left in the copy machine. by who? i don't know. but now i do know why you pissed all over my idea at the meeting. this is confidential. it was confidential. now, every senior partner's seen it, and people are furious. i earn every penny i make. we'll see about that. what are you talking about? i just called for a vote tomorrow on my proposal, and i hope you've been saving your money, because your gravy train's about to leave the station. so this is why you said, oh, shit. what's that? oh, you know what it is, because you're the one who left it in the goddamn copier. oh, my god, harvey, i was making copies of everyone's salaries for my records, and i must have. bullshit, louis. you did this to come after me, and after i apologized, you ran and tried to stop it. harvey, please, what's done is done, and like you said before, we're friends. we can move past this, and we can fight the vote together. there's no way i win the vote after people see this. you want to get past it? admit what you did. that's automatic termination. then we'll fight that together. harvey, i can't. louis! jessica tried to fire me once. i can't give her the chance to do that again. well, you know what? it's gonna happen again, because i know what you did. you know what? that's enough. and you come at me flinging accusations, well, you better have proof. you have proof, harvey? yeah, i didn't think so. knocking on door harvey, you don't get to come to me at all hours of the night anymore. i'm here because your new boss. i know why you're here. then you know what he did. and i need you to admit it, so i can block their bullshit vote. and get louis fired? he wouldn't be in this mess if you'd have just stopped him from doing this in the first place. harvey, if i knew louis was gonna do something like this, and i'm not saying i did, then i would have told him to his face not to. but if he went ahead and did it anyway, then i'm not gonna go behind his back to fix it. because you always said, once you pick a side, if you're not loyal to that side, then who the hell are you? then you should have thought of that before you picked someone who would do something like this in the first place. you want to know what kind of man louis is? this whole thing started because he wanted to prove to you that he had your back, because he thought you were jealous of us. no, this whole thing started because i told him that i've been paying your salary since we came to the firm, and he was too cheap to pay it himself and too weak to tell you the truth. and if you've kept that from me for years and you're only just telling me now, then maybe you are jealous. mike, how'd you get in? give you a key already? no. laura let me in. she said you'd be back here. i don't know why. i'm trying to find something tasty. there's not one damn thing that's bad for you in this entire house. then i guess it's a good thing i didn't tell her that i brought you these. oh, chicken nuggets. rachel made them herself. deep fried, not baked? you're welcome. she sign that prenup? no, but she sent those because she realized the prenup was about love, not control. then i respect her decision. what changed her mind about me? you really want to know? mm hmm. jessica. oh, shit. what did she say? i got to know that secret. i don't know what she said to rachel, but i know what she said to me. so that's why you're here. you know those people that i told you i was fighting for? sighs jessica's not gonna go for it. i get it. too much money to lay out for too little payoff. but you said you came from the same place as these people. robert, they need someone like you to fight for them, and i can't do it. so i'm asking you to. you think this case is a winner? i do. then what do you say we do it together? what are you doing here, louis? i notice you didn't come to the vote this morning. no, i didn't. i was busy closing a deal for my client. let me guess. you had 'em backdate your sale to yesterday, so it falls under your old pay structure? no, louis, that's something you would do, because unlike you, i don't actually care about the money. you expect me to believe that? i don't care whether you believe it or not. my compensation package was about recognizing what i do. money was just a consequence. that's why i didn't mind sharing it with donna. now, get out. no. you did care about the money, because it was the last thing you had that separated you from me. excuse me? i got name partner. i got donna, and that drove you nuts. so you shit on me at the meeting, and then you pretended to apologize. i did apologize, louis. i came to you like a man, and then when i gave you the chance to make it up to me, you choked, like you always do. well, how you like me now? because the only thing you had left was that you made more. and now you don't, and i win. you didn't win anything. what are you talking about? i'm talking about the fact that no matter what you get, you're always wanting more. and the problem with always wanting more is that the second you get it, it can always be taken away. you're not reversing that vote. i'm not talking about the vote. i'm talking about what you value most. that's right. might not happen today or tomorrow, but it's gonna happen, because i'm gonna make it happen. one day, you're gonna walk into your office, and she's gonna be gone