 as far as i can tell, jack soloff is holding up his end of the bargain. he's doing more than that. he just sent out an email nominating you for junior partner. what? i'm not sending out a press release announcing mike ross of harvard just got promoted. what is this? am i mistaken, or did we not have this discussion? don't call me again. you need to tell louis you've been sleeping with esther. we slept together one time. what difference does that make? you promised him you wouldn't do it at all. i need to tell you something. you made a promise to me! i'm telling you. because he's so messed up from whatever goddamn thing happened to him in his pathetic childhood, he can't. shut the hell up! get me jerry myers on the phone. jerry myers? louis, what happened? i'll tell you what happened. harvey took a goddamn swing at me. that's what happened. oh, my god. yeah, oh, my god, i'm gonna sue the shit out of him. okay, louis, you're hurt. the first thing you need to do is get some ice and calm down. did you not just hear me? he hit me and then he threw me into a coffee table, so i am going to sue the shit out of him! i don't think suing harvey is the answer. of course you don't, because you want to protect him like you did when you lied to me about what he did to esther. i told harvey to tell you himself. and i lied to you because i knew something like this would happen if you didn't hear it directly from him. well, it did happen, donna. now get me jerry myers on the phone. you want me to do that, i will. but you've always said we're a family, and families keep things like this in the family. hey. hey. i'm not sure if congratulations are in order, but since we have no other choice, i'm going to choose congratulations. you saw the memo? i did. you're making partner. no, rachel, i'm not. what do you mean? jessica told me to turn it down. said it would draw too much attention to me. that's crazy. if you turn it down, you'll draw even more attention to yourself. that's exactly what i told her. and what did she say? she said that if i'm smart enough to be a lawyer without going to law school, i should be smart enough to come up with an excuse to turn it down. oh, that's bullshit. you think i don't want this? i do. but we've always known i was never gonna make partner. okay. what are you gonna do? i am gonna do the exact opposite of what i usually do. instead of trying to prove jessica wrong, i'm gonna come up with a legitimate excuse for why i can't accept it. jessica, if i knew you were coming over, i would have made us some tequila and eggs. and i would have thrown them in your face. well, that doesn't seem very nice. i cooked them just like you like them. you think this is funny? you assaulted a name partner. and i'm making jokes because i don't want to hear it, because he got what he deserved. i don't care if he deserved a court martial. that kind of behavior cannot exist in my firm! you mean our firm? if it's our firm, then it's louis's firm, too. okay, you made your point. i won't do it again. you think i came all the way down here just to give you a speech? you're taking two weeks starting tomorrow. me going on vacation isn't gonna stop louis from coming at me. yes, it is, because if you set foot anywhere near the office in the next two weeks, i guarantee he will call for a three month suspension. then don't let him. harvey, there are bylaws in place, and the only way to stop him is you being on vacation. the only problem with that is, everyone knows i don't take vacations. oh. then why am i holding your request that you filled out two months ago? louis is never going to buy that. i don't give a shit whether he buys it or not. but before you go on your little trip, you're going to go to him with your tail between your legs and tell him that you were wrong. jessica, hey. what can i do for you? well, you can tell me why you nominated mike ross for junior partner and didn't think to run it by me. it's an open nomination. i didn't think i had to. i didn't say you had to. i asked you why you didn't. i don't understand. you were the one who forced him to work with me. i said work with him, not nominate him behind my back just to stick it to harvey. jessica, how many times are we gonna have this conversation? you gave me a chance to make peace and i took it. and i still haven't heard one good reason why mike shouldn't be promoted. oh, i didn't say he didn't deserve to be partner. then how about i retract my memo and let harvey nominate him instead? unless there's some reason why you don't want that either. because instead of talking to me about this, you should be talking to me about what happened last night between louis and harvey. sync, corrected by elderman elder man how's it going? not great. you haven't found a way to turn down the nomination? oh, i've found ways to turn it down. but none of them are good enough. come on, one of them has to be good enough. rachel, it's not about the excuse, it's about me being able to look these people in the eye and convince them that it's true, and i can't do that. okay. what are you gonna do? i don't know. i do. you're doing this. as managing partner, i am officially giving you your first case. oh my god. what? it's tradition that the managing partner to give all new junior partners their first case. is that what this is? yes, it is. congratulations, mike. it may not be what i wanted, but i really did mean it when i said you deserve it. thank you, jessica. i can't believe that just really happened. you are the youngest junior partner the firm has ever had. mike, i'm so proud of you. well, that means there's only one thing left to do. rachel elizabeth zane, will you be the associate on my first case as partner? yes. yes. a thousand times, yes. i don't understand. are you saying you're sorry you hit louis? i'm saying i'm sorry i didn't punch him harder. in that case, i think taking two weeks off is the best thing right now. because your emotions are completely ruling you. wanting to shut louis up isn't being ruled by emotions. it's being human. and there are other ways you could have tried to do that. such as? walking out the door, for one. i'm not walking out of my own office. why not? because when someone points a gun at you, you don't turn around and run away. you take it out of their hand and you point it right back. well, sometimes the best way to get someone to stop firing bullets at you is to take off your armor. what the hell kind of bullets are you talking about? emotional ones. harvey, louis lashed out at you because he was feeling pain, and instead of showing you his hurt, he covered it with anger. well, that's his problem, not mine. actually, i'd say you two have exactly the same problem. excuse me? you did the same thing to him that he did to you. instead of showing your hurt, you lashed out in anger. the only difference is, is that you did it with fists. he did it with words. are you saying that i should tell him i'm in therapy and talk about my issues with him so we can sit around singing kumbayah? i'm saying that if you think louis should be sorry for lashing out at you, the least you can do is apologize for lashing back at him. louis. how are you? cut the small talk. i'm not interested. in that case, what can i do for you? you can start by telling me how harvey's being punished. that's between me and harvey. that's funny. when he was attacking me, it was between me and harvey, and i want to know what you're gonna do about it. and i just said, it's none of your business. then as managing partner, you should know that i'm suing your favorite son for assault and battery. louis, you haven't filed that yet, so why don't you tell me what the hell you really want? i want harvey suspended. three months, no pay, no access to clients. that's not punishing harvey. that's punishing all of us. well, then i'll do it myself, which i have the right to do under the bylaws. louis, i was hoping you'd calm down. but if you still feel this way in two weeks, there's nothing i can do about it. two weeks? what the hell are you talking about? you haven't heard. harvey's on vacation. bullshit harvey's on vacation. harvey doesn't take vacations. louis, you wanted him gone, and he's gone. and i have his signed requisition right here. i don't just want him gone. i want him humiliated in front of the whole firm, not lying on a beach in turks and caicos laughing at some fraudulent requisition you concocted. oh, that's a nasty allegation, louis. do you have proof? you know what, jessica, this is no different than me putting harvey's salary in the copy machine. oh, it's entirely different, louis. you did that to rip us apart, and i'm doing this to keep us together. so why don't you walk the hell out my office and think very carefully about how you want to play this? all right, before they get here, let's get our facts straight. easy, our client's being acquired by google, but optela software has a buy option. claims to have a buy option. it actually expired six months ago. they why are we having this meeting? because their lawyers don't know we know that, and they're hoping to get something to go away. man, i have so much to teach you. what, are you my boss now? oh, how is that different than before? i could leave you high and dry right now. you know that, right? shit. mike, it was a joke. rachel, i need you to handle this meeting by yourself. what? what's wrong? their lawyer just got here. her? she used to work at a nonprofit when i was a bike messenger, all right? we went out a few times. mike, please. i can handle that. no, no, no, she knows i didn't go to law school. what? if she sees me, she's gonna know i'm not a lawyer, all right? i need you to handle this meeting. can you do that? no, no, no. mike, please. you have to give me a second to process what you're saying. rachel, i don't have a second. i need you to do this. okay. okay. hi. hi. claire bowden. rachel zane. shall we get to it? yes, definitely. let's. let's get to it. first of all, i need to inform you that we are prepared to move forward with a tro, unless, of course, your client has had a change of heart. you can do that. i just don't see any judge granting you a tro given that your option has expired. actually, it hasn't. this is a record of a phone call between our client and yours. a phone call during which our client agreed to fix bugs in your client's software in exchange for a five year extension of our purchase option. i'm confused. do. do you actually want to buy our client's company? yes, if there's a deal happening, we want to be included in a meaningful way. i'm sorry. i'm not authorized to include you in any deal. then pick up the phone and call your client. i understand. you're not authorized to do that either because a partner dropped this in your lap in the th hour. you have no idea. no, i've been there before. but i need something to take to my client. so, get back to me as soon as you can? yes, absolutely. great. by the way, how old is the partner on this case? why would you ask that? because i noticed that his name was michael ross, and i went out with a mike ross once. i was just wondering if it was the same guy. because if it is, he really turned his life around. i.i'm not sure how old he is. this is the first time we've had a case together. so i. maybe he's about ? oh, definitely not him. sorry. oh, you don't have to be sorry. i was just wondering. thank you. yes, of course. how'd it go? not well. what happened? what happened was their buy option didn't expire because it turns out we made a deal to extend it. okay, yeah, that complicates things. they're gonna want to squeeze us for more money to go away, but it's not that big a deal. it's not that big a deal? it's not that big a deal? you practically ran from that conference room to come and hide in here and left me to deal with a woman who knows your secret, and you're gonna tell me that it's not that big a deal. i meant having to pay off optela is not that big a deal. you didn't even tell me how she knows your secret. she doesn't know my secret, all right? i told her i went to law school, and she found out i didn't. if she sees me now, she's gonna look into me and then she'll know it. and why did you tell her that you went to law school in the first place? rachel, it's not important. it's important to me. because i wanted to impress her, and being a bike messenger wasn't gonna do it. so you lied to her to get a date? yes, i did. well, you're not the only person who's lied to her now. what does that mean? what it means is, she asked me about you, and i had to lie to keep her from thinking that you're the same mike ross that she knew before. rachel, i'm sorry. i. where are you going? to work on your case. as for the aforementioned case, send our client his practice depo, and underline all self incriminating things that he's not supposed to say under oath. idiot. moving on to. donna, call security. i do not feel safe in my own office. donna went home. i'm here to speak to you alone. why? so you can have no witnesses the next time you attack me? no, so i could apologize to you in private. no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. you're not gonna apologize your way out of this one. i'm not here to get out of anything. i'm here to say i'm sorry. i flew off the handle, and i shouldn't have punched you. you didn't just punch me. you attacked me. louis. bullshit. this is all bullshit. there is something wrong with you, and there is nothing that you could ever possibly say to me. i have been seeing a psychiatrist. what? no, you haven't. this is some kind of trick. i've been seeing someone to get help for panic attacks. you've been having panic attacks? yes. where? look, i don't want to get into it. where? in the office. when? they happen when they happen. louis, i am telling you the truth. my god. how long have they. they started a few months ago. a few. when donna left? yes, when donna left. but it isn't really about donna. that was a trigger. at least that's what they're telling me. it goes deeper. my family, my relationships. let's just say i'm trying to work through some shit. so when i said those things, it struck a nerve. oh, it did more than that, louis. it hurt. you hurt me too, harvey. i know, and i'm sorry. and it's not an excuse, but i wanted you to know why i did what i did and where it was coming from. you're not really going to turks and caicos, are you? i don't know, but i had therapy this afternoon, and i spent the rest of the day trying to figure out the best way to do this. louis, i'm sorry for esther. i'm sorry for lying to you. and i'm sorry that i attacked you. i accept your apology, harvey. thank you, louis. so you're not gonna try and suspend me? suspend you? jessica was sure you'd want to suspend me. jessica didn't know that you were gonna say what you said. as a matter of fact, i know jessica only sent you on vacation to defuse the situation, so i think you should come back tomorrow. you sure? yes. they're announcing mike's partnership, and i wouldn't want you to miss that. i appreciate that, louis. it's the least i can do. can i talk to you for a second? if it's about you becoming senior partner, i think it's a little premature. we may have a problem. may or do? the lawyer on the other side of the metadesk case knows that i didn't go to law school. what? i saw her come into the office before the meeting, so i had rachel take over, and she's doesn't know i'm the same mike ross she knew, and she's not going to, but. goddamn first case. jessica, it's gonna be handled. i promise. now, rachel and i will work together, but she'll be out front the whole time. well, i guess we have no choice but to let her ride it out. but it's gonna look pretty damn sketchy if someone finds out you've handed off your first case. which brings me to my next point. jack soloff has been asking about it. then you better make damn sure you keep him from finding out you put rachel in charge. because the last thing we need is for jack soloff to start sniffing around your past. yeah, i know. well, if you know all these things, then why exactly are you here? because you trusted me with being partner and i'm trying to repay that trust by keeping you in the loop. i appreciate that, mike. but the best way for you to repay me is by making sure that other lawyer doesn't find out your goddamn secret in the first place. get one of those for me? no, i didn't. and you can't take mine like you usually do. easy, tiger, i'm not here to take your bagel. i'm here to give you this. how'd you get that done so fast? i know a guy. you know a guy in custom engraving? i know a guy in everything. oh, thanks, harvey, but you didn't have to do that. come on, it's not every day you make partner, and i've never known anyone who deserves it as much as you. except for you. well, that goes without saying. so why'd you say it? because it had to be said. ah. seriously, mike, you deserve this. i'm glad you got it. i just wish i could have been the one that made it happen. i'm just glad you made it in for the meeting after everything that happened between you and louis. believe it or not, it was louis who actually invited me to come back to work. how'd you manage to get him to do that? well, you wouldn't believe me if i told you. but even if he hadn't invited me back, an army couldn't have kept me away from your partnership vote. come on, harvey, it's just a formality. they've already given me the title. it may be just a formality, but that meeting's not happening without my vote on the record. the next item up for bid on the price is right is mike ross's nomination for junior partner. now, i know it's just a formality, but what do you say we make it unanimous? all those in favor? then i'm pleased to announce mike ross as this firm's newest junior partner. so, if no one else has anything. i have something. if you're all wondering why i have extensive damage to my skull, it's because two nights ago, i was viciously attacked by harvey specter. and since i would rather not go outside the firm to take legal action, pursuant to section b of the bylaws, i am placing harvey specter on immediate unpaid suspension. you son of a bitch. okay, i don't really know how this works. should someone call security? louis, i don't think anyone needs to call. it's my right. actually, louis, it's not. section b does require suspension, however, it's enforceable only after a vote by the partners to determine if what you're claiming even happened. oh, it happened. i'm not saying it didn't. i'm just quoting the bylaws you wrote. therefore, i'd like to schedule a vote for friday, once we've all had a chance to review the matter. okay, this is not what i want. they're your bylaws, louis. so friday it is. meeting adjourned. rachel. good to see you. you too. i have to admit, i'm surprised you're getting back to us so soon. well, once we realized what you really wanted, we figured why wait? and what is it that we really want? let's be honest. your client has no real interest in the fulfillment software business. no, that's not actually true. but you do have an extension of your purchase option, which may or may not hold up in court. so we're willing to pay you this to go away. i think maybe you misunderstood me in our last meeting. i'm not some corporate killer who's looking to hold you hostage for a payoff. my client actually wants to be included in this deal. claire, this is an incredibly fair offer. i don't think this is a fair offer at all. well, then let's talk about what would be, because your client's not staying involved in this deal. is this your boss's stance or yours? it's our client's, and my firm's, and i don't appreciate you questioning my role in this deal. look, rachel, i cut you some slack yesterday because you're a newbie who's in over her head, but since you clearly don't have the power to include us in this deal, i think maybe i should call the partner on this case. you know what? you should. but he's just gonna say this if you pursue a tro, we'll sue you for tortious interference. excuse me? you knew this sale was in process, and you waited till closing to broach the topic. that is tortious interference. okay. well, i think we're done here. just take the money and walk away, or we will tie this up in court for years. it's up to you. but then again, what do i know? i'm just a newbie. you lying piece of shit. i lied because i'm not the fool you think i am. what the hell are you talking about? i'm talking about your apology from the heart. you actually had me falling for that bullshit until you asked me if i was gonna suspend you. and then i knew it was just all a goddamn manipulation. you think me opening up about having panic attacks is manipulation? i don't even think you really had panic attacks, let alone are going to therapy. well, i am, and i opened up to you about it, and then you looked me in the eye, and you used mike's partnership to lure me back. yes. i did. because i wanted you to know how it feels when someone says one thing to your face and then turns right around and does the exact opposite, like you did to me. so this is payback for me sleeping with your sister? sure as shit is. you son of a bitch. i should take you outside right now. and do what? hit me again? because this time it won't just be a suspension, harvey. you'll be gone. that's enough. no one's hitting anybody. harvey, you are not to be alone in a room with this man, before that vote. is that clear? this isn't over. thank you, jessica. a law firm should be a safe environment, and i started to feel like i was fearful. shut the hell up, louis. what you did in there was despicable. it was underhanded and vindictive and harmful to the entire firm. i take it you won't be voting to discipline harvey. i won't be voting at all. and if you think you're gonna drag me into your bullshit, then you have another thing coming. oh, you can abstain all you want, but everyone's gonna know exactly where you stand. they already know where i stand. and it's not with you. you slapped her with a lawsuit? did she call you? no, she called google, and then they called me to tell me they're pulling out of the deal. what? yeah, they don't want to run the risk this thing gets tied up in litigation, so they're out. mike, i can explain. no, you don't have to explain. you explained the last time we talked. excuse me? you've got a problem with claire, and you're taking it out on this case. i don't have a problem with claire. i have a problem with you lying to her about going to law school. but the reason i threatened that suit is because she didn't like not getting her way with me, and she was going to call you instead. well, you stopped that from happening, and in the process, you blew up the entire deal. did you hear me? she was going to call you. so i'm sorry that google pulled out, but i didn't really have the chance to think of every option. every option? there's only one. you negotiate another price. you think i didn't try that? the only thing she would have accepted is being cut in on the deal, period. all i know is that if i'd been there, i would have figured out a way to get it done. well, you know what? you couldn't have been there. and i don't appreciate you telling me that i'm not as good as you when the only reason i was in that meeting in the first place was to cover for you. rachel, i'm sorry, i didn't mean to make it personal. well, it sure sounded personal when you accused me of screwing up because i was jealous. look, i just said that i'm sorry. i'm only coming down on you the same way harvey would come down on me in the same situation. right, but you're not harvey, and i'm not you. and if harvey was talking to you the way that you're talking to me, you would be in here right now telling me what a dick he is. can i have that, please? what? i haven't done your transcriptions since yesterday, so. oh, it can wait. go home. what? you went too far today, louis. so, you're not really here to do work. you're here to once again take harvey's side. i'm not taking harvey's side, but what you did in that meeting was wrong. you told me to keep it in the family, and that's what i did. i meant let jessica handle it, and you know it. but jessica didn't handle it. she tried to send harvey to the caribbean. oh, so the only thing that you could do was blindside him in the same meeting where mike is made junior partner? he assaulted me. i understand that, louis. but what i don't understand is why you're the one who went in there angry, and he's the one who ended up attacking you. donna. what did you say to him? i don't have to explain myself to you. no, you don't, and you're free to do whatever you want. but when i saw your face after he hit you, i felt horrible for you. but since you won't tell me what you said to him, i'm starting to wonder if i should. what's this? i know you had to reschedule the cake tasting because of the case, so i thought i'd bring the cake tasting to you. you didn't have to do that. i wanted to, because i wanted to make sure that you know that no matter what's going on at work, you're the most important thing in my life. i know you were just trying to keep me from getting caught. and i'm sorry. i'm sorry, too. what for? because as much as i hate to admit it, i do have a problem with claire. rachel. mike, i was sitting across the table from her, and i could see all the reasons why you were interested in her. and i. i had to wonder what would have happened if she'd never found out that you lied, or if she found out a year later after she'd gotten to know you better. maybe the two of you would still be together. we wouldn't be. how do you know? because it might have taken me a while to tell you the truth, but from the first second i looked at you, i wanted to tell you everything about me. and when i finally did tell you the truth, you didn't tell me that you never wanted to see me again. you accepted me. actually, i slapped you. and then you kissed me. yeah. and stayed with me. mm hmm. and loved me anyway. jack. what can i do for you, harvey? i wanted to thank you for standing up for me today. i told jessica i'm ready to be a team player. maybe now the two of you will believe me. well, i don't know if i'm willing to go that far, but i appreciate what you did. can i speak freely? go ahead. you've earned it. i told mike the reason that i went after you in the first place was that everything comes easy to you, but i'm not the only one that feels that way. what's your point? i may have stopped louis from suspending you for the moment, but that vote's not gonna go well for you. you're saying i can do something to change the outcome. i'm saying you could do something to change the way the partners feel about you. you want me to take this suspension voluntarily? if this were a month ago, i'd want you to take your name off the wall. but you need to do something to humble yourself. what exactly that is, is up to you. how did you get in here? the receptionist told me where to find you. well, she shouldn't have, so why don't you find your way out? claire, i'm here to apologize. look, you got under my skin when you called me inexperienced because the truth is i haven't been doing this very long. so i shot back, and i went overboard to try and. show me that you were better than me. yes, and i ended up blowing the deal for both of us, and i'm sorry. well, they say you learn from your mistakes. that's the thing. i have already learned, and i think that i have a way to get both of us a win. gigadyne. they're a major client at your firm. what if you were to bring them the acquisition of metadesk? why would they want this? because they need fulfillment software to increase their sales in europe, and we're a perfect fit. you researched my client? like i said, i learn from my mistakes. hey. oh, don't hey me. you're up to something. why would you say that? i worked for you for years. you think i can't tell when you're up to something? donna. harvey, if you're coming to me in here, that means you don't want louis to know. and i don't work for you anymore. i work for him. i know that, and i know what i'm about to ask might put you in between me and louis. but i want you to help me figure out something i can do that'll move the partners not to suspend me. then tell me this. what did louis say to you that made you hit him? why are you asking me that? because you're asking me to pick your side, and i need to know if you deserve it. donna, if you don't know me well enough to know that i deserve your help by now, nothing i tell you is gonna matter. but whether i deserve it or not, i guarantee you louis is going to have some dirty trick up his sleeve for that vote. louis, i need to talk to you for a second. well, if you're here to tell me not to play dirty, you're wasting your breath because donna already did it. i'm not here to do that, because you already played dirty. i'm here to get you to vote against suspending harvey. how the hell have i already played dirty? you knew my partnership would mean something to harvey, and instead of holding it outside of your feud, you used it to trick him back into the firm. because, mike, it was the only way to get justice. okay. if you think that, then let me put this in terms that you might understand. harvey is jon snow, i'm his uncle benjen, and you used me to lure him out so that everybody could stab him to death. how dare you defile game of thrones by comparing harvey to jon snow. that's not the point, and you know it. the point is, you betrayed harvey, the same way that kid betrayed jon snow. well, in that case, it was for the good of the watch. yeah, i'm sure that's what that kid thought, too. but i guarantee you, he's going to regret stabbing his friend for the rest of his miserable life. daniel hardman's office. i need to speak to him right now. who may i say is calling? you know who it is, stacy. now get him on the goddamn phone. he's not here, but he left word for you. he sent two packages. either move forward on one of them, or he'll move forward on the other. congratulations. on what? on winning your first case as junior partner. i won my first case as junior partner? mm hmm, turns out you had a brilliant idea. oh, really? and what was my brilliant idea? you know, for when i'm sitting around shooting the shit with the other partners. you sent me back to claire to propose that she have one of her own clients buy metadesk and let optela stay on board. rachel, that's amazing. i can't believe she went for it. she went for it, and gigadyne went for it. did you just say gigadyne? yeah. why? rachel, gigadyne just announced they're getting into the defense contracting business. what? when? yeah. yesterday. they already have their first contract. which means i just triggered a background check on every single person involved in this deal. mike, i am so sorry. no, you couldn't have known. and we don't have time for i'm sorrys anyway. we have to find a way to take care of this before it's too late. how are we gonna do that? we're gonna hide in plain sight. i don't understand. we're gonna take my name off all of the paperwork, and we're gonna hope to god nobody notices. what are you doing in here? catching up on my work. is that a problem? no. it's just that i told you that i didn't need you to do any transcribing. and the way you said it got me thinking about how you like making your plans on this thing. and then i came across this. donna. you think me opening up about having panic attacks is manipulation? i don't even think you really had panic attacks, let alone are going to therapy. well, i am. and i opened up to you about it, and then you looked me in the eye, and you used mike's partnership to lure me back. yes. i did. because i wanted you to know how it feels when someone says one thing to your face and then turns right around and does the exact opposite, like you did. he revealed those things to you, and you recorded him so you could play it for the partners? i wasn't trying to record him saying those things. i just wanted proof that he hit me. bullshit! you didn't care what you got. you just wanted to get him. you're damn right i did. he hit me. he got esther. he gets away with everything. maybe he does. and if you want to try to get him suspended, that's your right. but if you use his weaknesses to publicly humiliate him, i'm done working for you. rachel, what are you doing here? we already sent back all of the contracts. i know, i just came by because you missed a signature on the last page. no, i didn't miss it. i was holding off on signing it. why? because i was wondering why you made changes to seven different addendums without redlining them for me. they're just signatory pages of a few lists of partners, so i didn't think that that warranted a redline. you didn't or your partner didn't? neither of us did. he has a big client in defense, and so even though we don't rep gigadyne, he was worried they might see it as a conflict. the reason he's worried is not because of a conflict. it's because this transaction triggers a background check. which means. i told you the reason. he's repping another client and. he's lying to you, rachel. you're gonna find this impossible to believe, but mike ross is a fraud, and he knows that i know. that's why he sent you in at the last minute when this was his deal from day one. are you crazy? he's a partner at pearson, specter, litt, and you said your mike ross wasn't . so the mike that i know. oh, my god, you know. i don't know anything, except that we just need. i'm calling the d.a.'s office right now if you don't tell me what the hell's going on. we're engaged. so it is him. claire, please, you can't turn him in. this isn't about what i can't do. how could you be with a man like that after you found out? because i already loved him. well, i'm sorry, rachel. i just can't turn the other way. don't you understand what this is condoning? yes, i understand what it's condoning, but you have to put yourself in my shoes. imagine you found out a year later, after you already knew the kind of man he is inside. look, claire, i'm. i'm telling you. no, he's not a lawyer, but he did turn his life around. you're a smart woman, rachel. but you are making a huge mistake. please, i am begging you. it's done. she bought it? she did. i can't believe it. did you think i couldn't handle it? i guess i was just worried that she'd figure it out anyway, expose me, and then. there is no and then. because that didn't happen. because of you. because of us. you're wearing your ring at the office. i am. what made you decide to do that? i.i just realized how much i love you, and. that's not something i ever want to hide. ra. hey. jessica, can i talk to you for a second? what is it, louis? i'm heading home for the night. i want to call off the vote. excuse me? the whole thing was a mistake. i want to call it off. louis, the vote is tomorrow morning. the only way it doesn't happen is if you publicly tell everyone that harvey didn't hit you. i can't do that. i'll lose all credibility. which is exactly why i wanted harvey to take two weeks. to let you calm down. because i knew you'd change your mind. now, if you'll excuse me, i have a vote to prepare for. wait, what if i flip my vote? flip whatever the hell you want, louis. but you started this ball rolling, and now we all have to live with the consequences. i thought you were trying to avoid me. i was. but then i figured out you knew it was me anyway. how? does it matter? no, it doesn't. so why are you here? i just wanted to say thank you. you're welcome. i also wanted to know why you're letting it go. because rachel begged me to. and because she said that she loved you and that you turned your life around. and you believed her? i believe that she loves you. but if you really want to know the truth, no, i don't believe that you turned your life around, and i definitely don't believe that you love her. what? how can you say that? because you've convinced her that it's all gonna be okay, that you two are just gonna get to live happily ever after, and i didn't want to be the one to make that all come crashing down. but you know what, mike? one day, it is going to come crashing down. and if you really do love her, you'll put a stop to this right now. so, you think i should stop being a lawyer? i'm saying if you really love her, you won't marry her