 dump it. one of the victims was my uncle keith. please, these people need your help. they need someone like you to fight for them, and i can't do it. then what do you say we do it together? i'd like to propose a change to the current compensation formula. how many partners do you have in your pocket if we put your proposal to a vote? i can get . i'm gonna get you the difference. this is harvey's last three income statements, and i found them sitting in the copy machine. you came to work for me, so now it's time for you to decide. are you with me or not? i just called for a vote tomorrow, and i hope you've been saving your money, because your gravy train's about to leave the station. oh, hello. i was just. working. i see that, but it's in the morning. what are you doing here so early? i like to get in before the chaos starts. tell you the truth, i was under the impression that you wouldn't get in till much later. i wanted to get a jump on the day. then maybe you should get a jump on this. why am i paying louis's laundry bill? because if you pay it, he won't know that we triple starched all of his shirts. we? yes, we. he came after us. we're coming after him. did you think i wouldn't have your back? you want the truth? i thought you'd be asking for a raise after seeing how much i make. i didn't look at how much you make. and as far as i'm concerned, anyone who did should be fired. you're all right, gretchen. but for the time being, don't play any more jokes on louis. mind if i ask why? because i only play jokes on people to express my affection for them, and right now i have no affection for louis litt. looks like i got here just in time. and why is that? because i'm going to ask you to do something you're not going to want to do, only this time you're going to do it. what didn't i do last time? i told you to apologize to louis. and i did, right before he held hands with jack soloff and cut my earnings in front of the entire firm. and if you hadn't have been such a dick to jack in the first place, louis would have had nowhere to go. this isn't about louis, is it? no, it isn't. i want you to bury the hatchet with jack. you mean you want me to kiss his ass. i mean i want you to figure out a way to make peace with a partner whose influence is on the rise. that's kissing his ass. well, if that's how you want to look at it, then pucker up, because that man is a threat, and he's aligned with louis, and i am in no mood for a power struggle. hey. hey. i didn't hear you leave today. that's because i left at in the morning, trying to get an early start on this case. mm. uh, about that. i didn't want to say anything last night because you were so excited. but you're worried about me working with your father. yes. hmm. mike, you're the two most important men in my life. neither of you back down from a fight, and i'm just. i'm afraid you're gonna end up hating each other. rachel, do you hate your father? of course not. i love my dad. and don't you have conflicts with him all the time? yes, i do, but it's different. he's my family. yeah, he's gonna be my family too. and if i'm lucky, i'm gonna fight with him about a lot of things over the years. so why not start with a fight where we're both on the same side? okay, i trust you. good. upbeat music jessica, you have a minute? i do if you're here to tell me why robert zane is sitting in the lobby with an appointment to see you. 'cause i'm pretty sure he's not taking time out of his busy morning to talk about centerpieces. no, he's not. he is here to co counsel the kelton case. you mean the case i explicitly told you to drop? i mean the case that you said would cost a fortune to fund and you didn't wanna lay out that kind of money for. i didn't want to lay it out because this case is a loser. and i'm telling you it's not. and even if it is, i just took away our downside. by going behind my back to our biggest competitor. are you telling me that you're scared of robert zane? i'd be a fool if i wasn't. and you're a fool if you're not. we let that man into our house, there's no telling what he'll do. you know what, jessica? if harvey had done this, you'd be pissed, but you'd let him do it anyway. and you may be as cocky as him, but you are not harvey. no, you're right. i'm sorry. i guess i'll just go tell robert that we won't be working together on this after all. you know damn well if we tell him that now, i look weak. so maybe i am as good as harvey. well, sometimes that's not a good thing. where are you going? to get some goddamn strength back. then go ahead and do it. i won't just take you to the woodshed. i'll leave you there, dead. well, looks like you're making yourself comfortable in my offices. about as comfortable as possible in these chairs. you ever hear of lumbar support? i get it. you like stodgy and functional. but these are my chairs, just like this is my case. what exactly are you doing here, jessica? i'm here to tell you we're taking half the contingency. and i'm here to respond. i'm giving you . we brought this case to you. after you found it in a box crying for its mama. plus, i'm footing the bill, which means this fee discussion is over. well, this fee discussion may be over, but the power discussion is just getting started. you don't give a shit about the money, do you? on this particular case, all i give a shit about is keeping you in check. which means, for the duration of this matter, you will be treating mike ross like a partner. oh, you gotta be kidding me. that boy barely shaves. i don't care if he's still in diapers. he's representing my firm, which means he's representing me. you look at him, you see me. you're asking for a hell of a lot. then take your wingtips off my table and walk 'em out the door, because this is my case and you either do it my way or you don't do it at all. mm. i love you. see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody wanna know how it feel everybody wanna see what it's like i'll even eat a bean pie, i don't mind me and missy is so busy, busy making money all right all step back, i'm 'bout to dance suits x no refills original air date on july , the greenback boogie sync, corrected by elderman elder man music box plays louis, it's not my birthday. i know, but i know that you weren't happy with the position i put you in regarding harvey's compensation, so i just wanted to make sure that you and i were okay. actually, you wanna know the truth? right at this second, i'm not okay. then please tell me, what can i do to make it okay? you can start by never putting me in a position like that again. i won't. jack, i need to talk to you. sure, louis, what can i do for you? well, you can consider me out of your war with harvey. what are you talking about? i'm saying that i don't like what i did, and from now on, i don't want anything to do with it. fine by me, louis. as far as i'm concerned, i won my war with harvey. this is your office? why do you say it like that? like what? with disgust. 'cause harvey's got autographed basketballs and vintage records, and you've got a photograph of a guy's shoes. well, you better be careful or sergeant hulka with the big toe is gonna see how far he can stick it up your ass. what the hell are you talking about? stripes. i'm just quoting stripes. it's a movie. harvey and i do this all the time. look, i don't know what kind of teenage nonsense you got going on with him, but i don't do that shit. okay. i'm going to visit the facility. meet you down in the lobby in ten. i take it that means that things went well with jessica? yep, she signed off, and all i had to do was agree to treat you as a full and equal partner. whoa, that must have hurt. eh, it didn't hurt a bit, 'cause i didn't mean it with her, and i'm not gonna do it with you. see you in . better make that . heard you're looking for me. i was, because i wanted to give you this. what's that? directions to westchester country club. why are you giving them to me? because i don't want you to be late to your tee time with charles barkley. i'm playing golf with charles barkley? if you get there on time, you are. if not and he starts whacking at shit with his big club, he might kill someone. you'll miss the whole thing. you think i don't know what you're doing? you're sucking up to me 'cause all of a sudden you realized i'm someone to be reckoned with. that is what i'm doing. but you're a big golfer and a bigger barkley fan, and i thought we could use this to get off to a fresh start. here's the problem, harvey. i don't give a shit about charles barkley, and you don't give a shit about me. listen to me. this is a gesture. take it. i'm not gonna take it, and i'm gonna tell you why. because you've never treated me like a peer. you've only ever treated me like competition. i'm trying very hard here. well, you can stop trying, because i'm not interested. mr. specter, i swear he told me he was a huge charles barkley fan. i'm sure he did, but the problem is he lied, and you should've known it. whatever you're doing, put it back. i need you. i can't. what do you mean, you can't? we're about to go to war. i mean, i'm about to go to war myself. what the hell are you talking about? i'm taking a case against kelton insurance. i gotta go meet the client right now. who the hell authorized that? jessica. you went to jessica instead of me? i didn't go to anyone, all right? she came to me after i took it. well, i'm telling you, you're gonna have to postpone it. harvey, this case is important. i'll tell you what's important. i got a partner at this firm coming at me. well, i didn't know that when i committed to this. what the hell? i thought we were meeting in the lobby. you gotta be kidding me. your case is with him? you're damn right it's with me. and we have a first impression to make. i don't know what kind of law you're teaching around here, but where i come from, you show up on time. let's go. you wanna go? go. jessica, what can i do for you? you came to me for some legal advice. now i'm coming to you for yours. do i get to charge you for it? you already do, unless you suddenly started paying for law school out of your own pocket. free of charge it is. i want you to look this over and tell me if we have any exposure. okay, but this isn't a deal. this is a speech. i'm aware of that, but gwen barnes is quite opinionated, and i don't want her to say something that might get her sued. dr. gwendolyn barnes? do you have a problem with her? no, not at all. how much time do i have? take as long as you want. just make sure whenever i come back for it, it's done. harvey what are you doing in here? i came to apologize. you don't need to apologize. i was out of line. soloff's an asshole, and it wasn't your fault. no, you were right. it was my fault. well, what's done is done. if you don't mind, i need to think right now. i'm sorry, mr. specter, but what's done is not done. what are you talking about? i told you, i got your back. what the hell is this? it's the bio of that asshole's third biggest client. and? look where he's from. i appreciate you coming all the way down here, but the last time you came to me, you told me to sit tight, and that was a week ago. emma, i don't understand. what did you expect? i expected you to understand what it feels like to be left hanging. because if we can't understand that, what's to stop us from cutting and running when things get tough? and what is gonna stop you? i know what's gonna stop me. first year. you think about it every day. you relive it. doesn't matter what you do. you can't get it out of your head. people tell you it's part of god's plan. maybe they're right, but it doesn't stop you from wanting to punch them in the face every time they say it. then time passes, two, three years. maybe you even start to feel normal. maybe you start to believe that maybe this thing won't actually scar you for the rest of your life. but then one day, something reminds you. a song or a. or a smell. and it touches that nerve, and all of a sudden, it's the day you got that news all over again. so you have gone through something like this yourself? i haven't just gone through it. it's the entire reason that i became a lawyer. and as far as it taking as long as it did, it took a while to work out the particulars. but i can assure you, it's worth the wait, because this right here, this is an all star team, and we're playing for you. well. where do i sign? all right, we got that taken care of. next step? set up a settlement conference. got that right. you mean you got that right, partner. what the hell are you talking about? you're the one that said it yourself. you and me, we're the all star team. i meant i was the all star. you're the team. oh, so i guess in this case the team just hit the game winning jumper. i got news for you, team, the game hasn't even started yet. mike, seriously, back there, about your childhood, i didn't really get it before. you got dealt a bad hand, and you pulled yourself up by your bootstraps, and i respect that. thanks, robert. you can call me dad. really? no. so you know we're talking about my father, right, who's no longer alive? yeah, i forgot that. you forgot that? the basis of your compliment in the first place? you suck the fun out of everything, don't you? you did this quickly. you gave me a job to do, and i did it. and why did you leave it on my desk instead of bringing it to me directly? i just wanted to give you a chance to look it over. and does that have something to do with the fact that i asked you to check it for exposure and not rewrite it? i know, i may have overstepped my assignment. it's just dr. barnes is the first black female chief of surgery at a major new york hospital. she faced discrimination at every turn, and she still got the job done, so she doesn't need soaring language to communicate that. i'll tell dr. barnes you said that. so you're accepting my changes? i'll present them to her with my blessing. we'll see what she thinks. jessica, um. if you ever have a case with dr. barnes, i would love to be a part of it. i have a better idea. why don't you come to the speech with me? that is exactly why we need to figure out a way to get you on the board of directors of comcast. from your lips to god's ears. jack, i'm sorry. can i speak to you for a second? uh, we're kind of in the middle of something. it'll only take a minute. it's firm business. i'm afraid it's not optional. i'm sorry to interrupt. harvey specter, by the way, of pearson specter. this will only take a second. you think i don't know what you're doing? you're trying to poach my client. what makes you think i'm trying to do that? please, harvey specter of pearson specter. let me tell you something, guy's been my client for ten years. he's not leaving me for the likes of you. then i guess our business here is done. what the hell is going on? nothing's going on. you're free. in fact, i'll walk you back. oh, look at that. is that charles barkley taking a selfie with your loyal client who happened to have grown up in philadelphia during the barkley era? look, you might not give a shit about charles, but he sure as hell does. you son of a bitch. i'm sorry, jack. could you repeat that? i couldn't hear you over the sound of me taking your client. then let me say it louder. this isn't over. it better be, because you've got four other clients from chicago, boston, los angeles, and houston. and you may not know who those famous ballers are, but i do. will, jennifer, thank you for seeing us on such short notice. well, you did serve our client with a lawsuit. nevertheless, we have an offer for you. you've gotta be kidding me. you called us all the way down here for this? i wouldn't wipe my ass with this. well, robert, we don't look at it that way. how exactly do you look at it, will? we look at it as a gift to a couple of vultures trying to pick the flesh off the bones of an old case. that is what every lawyer who has had something to hide has ever said. and it doesn't change the fact that your client killed people. then we're gonna tell you what we told the last attorney. you go to trial, you'll be buried in paperwork for the next ten years. well, if this were yesterday, then we might be rattled by that. but since then, new information has come to light. and what new information is that? this is a list of everyone who works at my firm. and this is a list of everyone that works at mine. you see, we're not some solo practitioner with a part time paralegal working out of a mall. what my associate is getting at is we're two huge law firms, perfectly designed to kick your ass. i don't care how many people work at your firms. someone needs to pay their salaries. and if you're working on this, you're not doing that. then doesn't it come in handy to have a billion hedge fund footing the bill? so you can either add a bunch of zeroes to this bullshit offer, or we'll see you in court. mind if i ask you a question? if it's about using my connections to get stevie wonder to play at your wedding, i already tried. why didn't you tell me about the hedge fund? well, what difference does it make where we get our money from? it doesn't make a difference, except for the fact you didn't tell me. what are you getting so bent out of shape for? we landed a punch back there. we landed a punch or you did? what's that supposed to mean? first you call me associate in front of opposing counsel, and now i find out you're keeping things from me. look. i'm just saying, are we a team or not? i called you what i called you in there because they want to see someone in charge. and looking at the two of us, they're gonna think it's me. and i didn't think about telling you about arcadian because i came up with that when you weren't there. for the record, i had the same idea. i went to a hedge fund before i even came to you. well, congratulations. if you had closed them like i closed my guys, i wouldn't be standing here explaining myself. so let's talk when we hear back from these clowns. and put a smile on your face. you kicked ass in there. door opens jack, what can i do for you? you can get your dog on a leash. excuse me? harvey just stole one of my clients. i want him back. do you have proof? yeah, he orchestrated some bullshit run in with charles barkley, and miraculously my client, he needs to make a change. well, that's not proof. i don't need proof. i know what the hell he did. just like i know what you and louis did to pass your compensation resolution. and if i had proof of that, we wouldn't be having this conversation. we'd be having your exit interview. you gonna sling accusations at me, or you gonna get your dog harvey under control? 'cause if you can't control him, maybe you shouldn't be in control of this firm. control him? let me tell you something, jack. when you went after harvey, you went after me, which is why i'm the one that sent him after you in the first place. and i just put more money in every other partner's pocket, which means you better listen to me when i talk. there's only so many times you can pull some shady shit to get something done with the partners. so you want to take me on? i'm right here. door opens, keys rattle rachel hey. hey. what are you working on? the kelton case. ha. i've been meaning to ask you, how's it going with my dad? it's fine. it's, uh. it's going fine. mm hmm, it's fine. i know what it's fine means. it's fine means it's not fine, and you're realizing that i was right and you were wrong, and he is a giant pain in the ass. rachel, i never said there wouldn't be arguments. i just said ultimately they'd bring us closer. i know, you did. i'm not trying to cause trouble. i was just trying to be charming and delightful. thanks. mm hmm. sighs it's just. it's important to me that your dad respects me. if there is one thing that i am certain of, it's that my father respects you. okay? gentle music harvey, you were right. that's one of the best steaks i ever had. how about you tell me why you actually brought me here? can't a man just take his client out to dinner? a man can, but you need something, and i just did you that little favor. that wasn't a favor. i took minutes of pictures with some dipshit from philadelphia. that's not a favor? that was an appetizer. i need you to get magic, bird, hakeem, and michael to do the same thing. you're a funny guy. you're kidding, right? did i ask you if you were kidding me when you called me that night? you asked me to sign with you, and i did. and i also said that i would need something from you someday, and taking selfies with some dipshit sixers fan isn't gonna cut it. harvey, you need to chill with this soloff thing. if not, every single day you go into the office, he's gonna be trying to stab you in the back. i'm not here to get your advice, charles. i'm here to get you to help me. i'm not getting the dream team back together. it can happen if you make it happen. it's not gonna happen. and the harvey i know would never ask me to do it. listen, leave a big tip. people think i'm paying for the meal. put down whatever you're doing. we need to talk. you're talking to a name partner, so i suggest you do it with a little respect. i'm showing respect by coming to you to hit harvey where it hurts. i told you, i don't want anything to do with your war with harvey. you already have something to do with it. and you said you didn't care if i backed out. i don't give a shit what i said. you picked a side. there's no going back. absolutely not. i'm not doing it. this is way too far, jack. no, it's what we should have done in the first place. well, you know, it doesn't even matter, because you can't introduce a resolution like this, 'cause it violates the bylaws. then you need to do some underhanded shit to make it unviolate the bylaws. and i already told you that i'm not doing anything like that again. too bad, because you did it once. and if you don't want me telling anybody about it, you'll do it again. good morning, louis. well, looks like you've been busy. i have. here's the crenshaw depo, and this is the kirsch itinerary, and here's your music box. why are you giving my gift back? because it was a gift you gave me with a promise never to put me in a position like that again. and i haven't. but you will. and don't tell me you won't, because i overheard your little scheme with jack soloff. then you obviously heard me tell him to go to hell. no, louis, i heard him tell you that you're in this war whether you like it or not. and then he walked out that door, and you didn't say a damn thing. i swear i'm gonna keep my promise. i am not going after harvey. you think this is about me protecting harvey? this is about me protecting me. what are you talking about? harvey came to me the other night to get me to admit that i knew what you did. he came to you? in my home. and i had to stand there and lose my integrity in front of him for you. oh, my god, he's really doing it. doing what? after the compensation vote, harvey and i got into a fight, and i told him that i'd just taken away the one thing he values most his money. he then tells me that he's gonna come after the one thing that i value most. me. yes. told me that one day i would come to this office, you'd be gone, and i'd know that it was him who took you away from me. he said he was gonna take me away? listen to me. i swear i will never do that to you again. but please do not leave me. i'm not leaving you, louis. you get this? sure did. motion to dismiss. yeah. you know what this means, right? we got 'em on the ropes. they're scared. which is why i scheduled a hearing with judge hernandez for tomorrow morning. she's gonna dismiss this bullshit, and i'm gonna get her to move straight to trial. uh, robert, that's a bad idea. what are you talking about? they throw a jab, we answer with a right cross. yes, if we go to trial now, we get a decision, but if we go in three months, we get a knockout. what the hell are you talking about? there's a bill on the governor's desk waiting to be passed. it lifts the cap on punitive damages. there's a reason he hasn't signed it yet. the ama is up his ass. we go now. the ceo of kelton insurance's contract is up. he doesn't want to be renegotiating while he's on the front page of the journal being accused of killing people. that threat takes these people from , per person to , , but if we actually go to trial. if we go to trial, we may get nothing. and i'm finished having this conversation. so now i see where we stand. we're not partners. i'm just the associate. you're the one calling the shots. i thought i made that clear from the second we started this thing. now answer this motion, get my motion done, and be in court tomorrow morning, because this is gonna happen whether you like it or not. oh. what the hell? what the hell what? you spilled my coffee. you ran into me. i don't care who ran into who. this is my office. how about a little excuse me ? oh, okay, harvey. excuse me. feel free to send me the bill for dry cleaning. i'm paying for everything else around here. donna, now is not a good time. i don't care. i'm not a prize to be used to get revenge on louis. what the hell are you talking about? are you gonna deny you told him that you were gonna take me back? that is not what i said. no, do not lawyer me, because it may not be exactly what you said, but don't try to tell me it wasn't what you meant. donna. and another thing, what makes you think if i were ever to leave louis that i would ever, ever come back to you? mr. specter, i know this is a bad time, but i have to remind you that. i know! jessica wants to see me. donna, hey, can i talk to you for a second? it's actually not a good time right this second. it's important. sighs i just need to know if harvey is still tight with judge hernandez. why? i need her to postpone a hearing for me. you know what, mike? if you want something from harvey, you're gonna have to ask him yourself. harvey you wanted to see me? that was hours ago. i was putting some things in order. what things in order, stealing more of jack soloff's clients? as a matter of fact, yes. god damn it, harvey. jessica, i went in there. i tried to make peace. he spat in my face. i tried again. he did it again. and i said, enough is enough. then you walk out the door. you don't steal his clients. you know what? this doesn't concern you. this is between me and jack. oh, it was between you and jack until he came to me, and i had to cover for you. you covered for me? goddamn right i did. i told him sending you after him was my idea in the first place. that's not covering for me. that's covering for you, because that should have been your idea in the first place, instead of welcoming every competitor we have into our offices behind my back. what the hell are you talking about? i'm talking about robert zane and you bringing him in here without consulting me. i didn't bring in shit. mike ross brought zane in without asking, and i had to pretend to be on board with that too. and now you're hoping this leads to what you always wanted. this thing's over, zane goes, and mike heads out the door with him. that's enough. you need to get yourself under control right now. what the hell are you talking about? i'm talking about you have a problem, and it doesn't have anything to do with me. and you just expose it by bringing up some paranoid bullshit about mike ross going with robert zane. because this all started when donna left you, and now you're afraid that mike's going to do the same thing. so you better get your abandonment issues under control, because jack soloff is gonna keep coming, and now you're gonna have to put him down. heartbeat thumping indistinct voices slow motion mr. specter, mike ross is waiting for you in your office. hey, i need to talk to you. not now. i know you're mad from before, but i need a favor. i said not now. harvey, what's going on with you? nothing's wrong. i need a glass of water. what the hell is going on? heartbeat thumping okay, i'm dialing . no, you're not. yes, i am. you could be having a heart attack. it's not a heart attack. you don't know that. it's a panic attack. oh, hate to interrupt a special moment, but i thought you might wanna take a gander at this. what the hell is that? if you recall, our last proposal reduced contingent compensation. this one wipes it out altogether. what's the matter? no snappy comeback? i've read the bylaws. you can't do that. you doing his fighting for him now? i don't care what the bylaws say. i have louis's backing. so either you give back my client, or good luck billing , hours a year like the rest of us. you go right ahead and put your proposal to a vote. but by the time this thing passes, i'll have your other four clients. bullshit, you couldn't have gotten to them already. go goddamn check. they're already in play. you pass this thing, you won't be billing anything at all. you're not gonna get away with that. wrong. i didn't start this. but i'm gonna finish it. and when you said i only ever looked at you as competition, you were wrong. i never looked at you as anything at all. are you all right? no. is it true what you just said about his clients? no, which is why i need you to do anything you have to do to convince him this is happening. i'll get it done. knocking what are you doing here? this is my home. it's also your office. and that entrance is right around there. now if you'll excuse me, i'm in the middle of my dinner. i called to set an appointment. you didn't call back. because i had patients. and what the hell am i? you're an ex patient i haven't seen in weeks, who ignored me when i said that your panic attacks wouldn't stop until you accepted the fact that your secretary wasn't coming back. i did accept it, and i had another one anyway. that's why i'm here. you mean you're here to get more pills. yes, i am. and what happened to the ones i gave you? i threw them out. bullshit, you didn't throw them out. you ran out. no, i didn't run out. i'm telling you the truth. okay, well, it doesn't matter, because i'm a psychiatrist, not a pharmacy, and if you want my help, you do it my way. you make regular appointments, and you commit to doing the work. and you show up at my house unannounced again, i'm calling the police. do you have any time available ten minutes from now? i want to give you time to finish your dinner. upbeat music is the car ready? it's downstairs warming up, like you. what do you mean? well, i received the invitation and couldn't help but notice that dr. barnes is in the program, and you're in the program too. look at that, i am. why didn't you tell me it was your speech? i wanted your honest opinion. but you didn't ask for my opinion. you asked me to check it for exposure. if there's one thing i've noticed about you, it's that you give your opinion whether it's asked for or not. and why does my opinion matter to you so much that you would go through all this? your opinion doesn't matter to me. your development does. what are you saying? oh, you're gonna make me say it out loud? you remind me of me. and what do i have to do to get to be like you? well, you should know. you read my damn speech. you mean i rewrote your damn speech. oh, shit, i said it. i'm going to show you mercy, considering your dress choice. what's wrong with my dress? oh, you don't know. come on, this is really special. jessica laughs you wanna know the truth? i think you bottled up your anger at donna, let it out at louis, and then when it came back at you, you pushed it down again. that's bullshit. the clinical term is displacement, and the cure for it is letting your anger at donna out. well, i'm not gonna do that, because even if i would, donna's not here. no, i didn't say you had to let it out at donna. you can let it out at me. that's stupid. no, it isn't. if she were here right now, what's the first thing that comes to your mind? hey, donna, what are you doing here? what if i said, i'm here for you ? i'd say, shouldn't you be at louis's desk? and what if i were? how would that make you feel? it would make me feel like role play is stupid, because you're not donna, and i don't give a shit what your degree says. i'm not gonna go through this again just to get more pills. well, i may not be donna, but i'm beginning to see what it's like to be her. what the hell are you talking about? i'm talking about i'm a woman who you've been bullying to get what you want. bullying? i'm paying you. and that doesn't mean that i exist to serve your needs. well, it goddamn should. if you spoke to donna that way, no wonder she left you. because you don't just pay people to be loyal. how dare you? i don't give a shit about the money, and i never did. no, you didn't. it was just a way to get me to do what you wanted. so when your life was on the line and i was there for you every step of the way, it meant nothing? it wasn't every step of the way. you bailed out the second i wanted more. that's when you decided to betray me. how the hell is moving on and putting myself first betraying you? because you went to louis to do it, and that's not moving on. that's sticking a knife in my gut and twisting it. yeah, harvey, it is. how does it feel to be on the receiving end for once? harvey, did you hear me? i said, how does it feel to know that you've taken the first step towards regaining control? when someone twists a knife in your gut, i feel like i want to twist one right back. mr. zane, you scheduled this hearing. we've been waiting ten minutes. i'm not waiting any longer. uh, you don't have to, your honor. my motion is here. it better get up here fast. where the hell were you? i'm standing up here with my dick in my hand, and you're out having a soda. i had something to do. yeah, well, whatever it was, i hope it was worth almost losing this case over. motion to expedite trial. i thought this was a hearing on their motion to dismiss. well, if you expedite our trial, that takes care of their motion to dismiss. your honor, they just got this case two days ago. they're using the timing of our client's contract expiration to try to shake us down. i have to say, mr. zane, i find it hard to believe that in two days you've found out enough to know you need an expedited trial, let alone care about these people at all. your honor, four years ago, a mail carrier named stanley powell felt tightness in his chest. he thought it was nothing, but his wife insisted he go to the hospital. when he got there, doctors couldn't find anything wrong, but they wanted to keep him for one extra day. now unfortunately, kelton insurance refused to pay. so mr. powell went home, crawled into bed, and one day later, he was dead. in front of you, you have a complaint that's over , pages long, which tells the stories of another victims. pick a page at random, tell me the number, and i will tell you exactly what their client did to them. your honor, are you actually buying that? page , mr. lawrence green. year old grandfather, admitted to st. vincent with complaints of lower back pain and excessive weight loss. he thought it was stress. turns out it was lymphoma. only they didn't find out until it was too late because their client refused to pay for the mri. so please, rule against us if you have to, but don't tell me we don't care. motion for expedited trial granted. jury selection starts monday. bangs gavel for your information, that's what i was doing. and it only took as long as it did because i was also doing something for the one person who has the right to treat me like his associate but treats me like his partner anyway. well, if you can forgive me, what do you say i take my partner out to lunch? soft music mr. specter. gretchen, whatever it is, it can wait till tomorrow. i'm afraid this can't wait. this is your resume. i wanted to explain the two year gap in my employment history. you don't have to do that. my husband passed away. my children were grown. i had no purpose, i felt alone, and i started having panic attacks. and why would i need to know that? because i don't have them anymore. good night, gretchen. what was that all about? getting to know my new secretary. did you come by just to brag about helping me with jack? i take it that means he backed down. like roberto dur n against sugar ray. no m s. seriously. you okay? yeah, i'm fine. thanks. want to get a bite or something? sure. i got to warn you, my stomach's still full from my lunch with robert zane. oh, we're lunching now, are we? why, you jealous? no, i just thought you guys were working a case, not picnicking in a park. let me tell you, it was no picnic. you ever try to go toe to toe with that guy over all you can eat shrimp? both no m s. hey, give me a few minutes. i gotta take care of something. dramatic music you ever take sides with jack soloff against me again, i will bury you