 i never saw this thing in my life. that document never came into this office, or you would have seen it. a lot of people are gonna think i buried that document. how can you bury what doesn't exist? you think that i don't know that there's a power struggle going on between jessica and hardman? this guy gets one whiff of what we've been hiding from hardman. i know, we can't trust him. louis, is there anything you want to tell me? let me explain something to you. that memo doesn't hurt me. it helps me. it's gone. your actions have left me no choice but to terminate your employment at pearson hardman, effective immediately. ray, i need you to pick me up in an hour, and i need you to bring me a tux. that's thrilling. i'm not here. god, what. what are you doing here? are you watching diff'rent strokes? uh, yeah, well, it's the touching story of a couple of orphans, so. don't. it's a nice building. how long ago was it condemned? oh, great, so did you come all the way over here just to criticize where i live, or. that's a side benefit. you've got to be kidding me. what? ah, that. sentimental value. so just put that away. nice panda. thank you. grandmother. christmas thing. get your tux on. we got a situation. a situation that requires a tux? where. where is this tuxedo situation? atlantic city. can you get dressed now? yeah, i could. but? i don't have a tux. i'm not bruce wayne. don't i know it. wow. rachel. louis, hi. at the ballet. are you an aficionado? since i was a girl, yes. me too. i mean, a boy. i got that. so are you. you here with someone? you know, donna was supposed to come with me, and then she cancelled at the last minute. oh, you talked to her? how is she? no, i haven't. i keep calling, but she just won't. answer. i know. i tried. you tried? yeah. are you here with someone? oh, i'm alone. i feel it's a better way to experience the dance, you know? too distracting to have to talk about it. i just want to. to feel it. no, i know. yeah. yeah. i should probably get going. wait. i have an extra ticket, third row. yeah, i like to buy a seat to my right just as a precaution. yeah. i would love to. great. yeah. okay. you just carry around an extra tux for the random occasion? something told me you'd need it. and by something, i mean common sense. and by need it, i mean you're an idiot. haha. so can i ask why we are going to atlantic city instead of just messengering these contracts? no. you know, i'm sensing a little hostility, and you know what i think? i think that you're still stung about donna, and you see a chance to blow off some steam, and you need a wingman. easy, dr. phil. we're here. there. how's that? that's right. we're not in kansas anymore. let's move, dorothy. you didn't tell me you were bringing me here. and that's a problem how? i'm sort of banned from here. for smoking weed? counting cards. i mean, i was smoking weed, but they banned me for counting cards. what? my brain just does it. i can't help that it keeps track. and that's your defense? it was three years ago. i was broke. well, which is it, your brain just does it, or you were broke? what are you, some kind of lawyer? get inside. you're wearing a tux. they're not gonna know who you are. speaking of which, this isn't havana in the s. why do we have to wear tuxes? what are you, moe green? moe green lived in vegas. i know where moe green lives. complimentary champagne? you think this happens if you walk in here in a t shirt and jeans? you have a guest, keith hoyt. can you let him know i'm here? mr. hoyt left a message for you to meet him in the poker room, mr. specter. the floor manager assured me that he'd be kept away from the tables. i'm sorry, i have no record of that here, sir. double down. okay, so let me get this straight, he has a gambling problem? and drinking. why is he in atlantic city? because he's the keynote speaker at a clean energy conference, and he promised me he'd stay out of trouble. and you took the word of an addict? he's been clean five years. no drinking, no gambling. so that's why you're here. you're concerned about him. yes. but you also want to gamble. he has a problem. i do not have a problem. uhhuh. holy shit. look at this guy. those are , chips. that's three stacks of four. by seven. that is , , . that's keith. well, at least we don't have to worry about him losing. all in. or. keith. harvey. this is a bad idea. you haven't seen my hand. i call. straight. full house. he's got one out. yeah, we're fine unless the river's a. of clubs. that is some tough luck right there. tommy, please, just give me hours. sorry, keith. deal's a deal. tommy. that was insane. you just lost million. who the hell's that guy? it's worse. that napkin. harvey, i just lost my company. see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody wanna know how it feel everybody wanna see what it's like living in a beehive of your mind me and missus so busy, busy making money all right all that time imagine this the greenback boogie explain to me, how you sell your company on a cocktail napkin at a poker table. i didn't sell it. i just put it up as collateral. on a cocktail napkin at a poker table. i had aces full of kings. the odds were with him. come on, you saw it. it was bullshit. the guy rivered me. no, what's bullshit is, you should have never been at that table in the first place, much less drunk at that table. i gave the keynote speech, harvey. they toasted me. i had. one drink. you're an alcoholic at a casino. you don't get any drinks. i'm not an alcoholic. i'm a compulsive gambler. and those dots aren't connected? let me explain. you had a drink. you gambled. you lost your company. i know, it was stupid. is there anything we can do? what i should do is walk through that door and make you live with this. well, you won't, will you? because you owe me. what exactly was on the napkin? i don't remember exactly, but the deal was, he was gonna give me million to back my bet, and when i won, i'd give him his money back with an extra million. and if you lost, he'd just get the company. i didn't think i could lose. we need to get a look at that napkin. need to get a look at that napkin. you need to keep an eye on him and make sure he doesn't touch a drink, a chip, or a deck of cards. wait, wait, wait, wait. i'm at atlantic city. i'm in a tux. you want me babysitting? i'm supposed to be your wingman. i'm trusting you with him. that is being my wingman. no, th. magnificent. superb. riveting. outrageous. insulting. disgusting. don't let it ruin your evening. i'm. i mean, i won't. no. i won't. yeah. i wo hey, asshole. why don't you have a little more respect for the. oh, my god, it's you. yes, it is i. sergei baskov! i profaned at you. i'm so sorry. no, no, no, please, you're defending the ballet. i was defending the ballet. our rehearsal space. two ballerinas sprained their ankles. well, that's why katya didn't dance tonight. of course. sadly, yes. the royal hall is beautiful, magnificent, but behind the scenes, they look with a blind eye. well, if i may be so bold, please, it would be my honor to right this wrong for you. oh, i could not impose. thank you so much though. please, allow me to be your nutcracker and join in the battle against the mouse king. the mouse king. well, in that instance, then i would be in your debt, mr. light. it's actually mr. wonderful. thank you. wonderful. oh, excuse me, i'm terribly sorry. you know what a napkin's good for, tommy? that's what a napkin's good for. peter lawford called. he wants his tux back. let me tell you something. steven spielberg did a pre nup on a napkin. didn't hold up, which is why amy irving is the richest out of work actress in hollywood. that's because his napkin didn't meet the minimum requirements of a contract. my client's does. why did you ask me what exactly was written on the napkin? 'cause no matter what it was written on, for a contract to be valid, it needs to have three things an offer, acceptance. and consideration. what's consideration? quid pro quo. you both get something. like i get his chips and he gets my. company. that is a valid. contract, yes. you forgot one thing competence. my client was drunk, and you knew it. do you have proof of that? how many drinks did he have? i don't remember. that's a good start. well, here's what's gonna happen. we're going to give you your money back and throw in the , you would have gotten had keith won, and then we're never gonna hear from you again. sorry. my advisors tell me that that company's worth million, and i'm keeping it. well, when you show up to open the door with your napkin, it's not gonna fit in the lock. so if he wants to take your company, he's gonna have to do it in court. and then, you'll be playing at my table. i need a list of everything that's wrong with the rehearsal space. for example, the creaky floorboards, they're affecting certain dancers' attitudes. oh, they shouldn't let that get them down. attitude is a pose. oh, yeah, like striking an attitude. whatever, i do that all the time. okay. i also need a list of the ballet company principals. okay, um, integrity, fidelity, patriotism. not that kind of principle. okay, we're done. how am i supposed to know? rachel, you've just been drafted. oh, but she's not even a. not what? she's not what, harold? ms. zane not only knows more about ballet than you do, she also knows more about law. but. zip it. my mind's been racing ever since we met sergei yesterday, so i dictated a to do list for you to handle. i'm on it. okay. jessica. where are you? in a meeting. do people often yell. i hit the jackpot in your meetings? if you know where i am, why are you asking? because the answer tells me i should be worried. it's just poker. harvey, i know losing donna's been hard. i'm fine. you haven't hired her replacement. she's irreplaceable. i'm assigning you a temp. excellent. not for you. you should fold. damn it. i swear i'm listening. no, no, the judge assigned to your fraud case just denied our motion to seal. what? that motion's a slam dunk, and we need it. who's the judge? ella follman. don't know her. you? i'm about to. we're already being sued, but i guess she decided my headache wasn't big enough. now come home before you wind up in trouble. i'm doing just fine. i had nothing. are you trying to impress me? with nothing? i don't remember you impressing that easily. i don't remember being impressed at all. i need copies of last night's poker room security footage. i can't give you that. yes, you can. and you will. thank you. hello, jessica. ella. ella medeiros. ella follman. married name. i haven't seen you since. your little prank? oh, the things we do when we're young. what can i do for you? you denied our motion. i have to say, i'd assumed it was a formality. well, you know what they say about assuming. ella. it's judge follman. judge follman. these allegations are serious. i know how serious they are, and i also know how important this case is to your firm. then you also know that, until proven, they have no business being placed in public record. i see what you're saying. humiliating someone for no good reason doesn't seem fair. do we have a problem? no, not at all. i just happen to be of the opinion that trials are about truth. and truth requires openness. rest assured, jessica, those who have done wrong will get what's coming to them. there's one thing i'm not clear on. go through the security footage and count the number of drinks keith had. we establish his state of mind, then file a motion to dismiss. how hard is that? not the thing i'm unclear on. i don't have time to explain where babies come from. how exactly did you get this footage? head of security owed me one. which brings me to my next question everyone always owes you one, but keith says you owe him one. why? why don't you just ask him? i did. he wouldn't tell me. exactly. because if he had, i wouldn't owe him one anymore. mr. specter, i'm cameron, your new assistant. where are my. messages. urgent to normal, top to bottom. i also took it upon myself to fan the folders on your desk in alphabetical order. wow, look at that, harvey. he fanned your folders in an order of some sort. i also reorganized your filing system and redid your calendar. ha, that is not going to be a problem at all because harvey loves change. it was a train wreck. yep. he's in mourning over your predecessor. her filing system, her calendar. it's probably best if nothing else is different in there this morning, okay? uh oh. mike. yeah. you might want to take an early lunch. yeah. oh, wow. harold, can i get the rest of the files on the ballet case? sure, let me grab them for you. thank you. what is it about ballet? i just. i don't get it, you know? there's no words, there's no story, there's no action. it's just all. and. and like. i don't. please tell me that louis isn't behind me. louis isn't behind you. hi. hi. penelope cruz, zoe saldana, audrey hepburn. what do they all have in common? they're all hot? no, dumb ass. they all owe their success to ballet because it gives them discipline and grace, it embodies our emotions, it's breathtaking in its beauty, and most importantly, it expresses what cannot be put into words. you want to get ahead here, harold? take ballet, because right now, the only thing that's breathtaking about you can easily be put into words nothing. now releve your ass back to work. i need everything you got for me first thing tomorrow. i'm on it. good. yes, immediately. thank you. what happened with judge follman? there might be a slight problem. what did you do? why do you assume i did something? what did you do? there was a prank. how bad was it? we went to law school together, and i got her drunk. so? so she woke up in front of the entire con law class. it's recoverable. she might have been naked. might have ? was. we're screwed. come on, harvey. she was uptight. i just straightened her out. it's what you do with uptight people. why don't you ever do that to louis? i did. that was you? he blamed me. you can be uptight sometimes too. that's why i let him think it was you. told him it was me. that's what i said. it's okay, i deserved it. what? do you remember when he was so mad when his cat peed in the corner of his office? mm hmm. that wasn't his cat. you know, this is no joke. we're being sued. i'm in trouble. i know. what are you gonna do? i'm gonna get her off our case. hey. you're studying up to break the house? counting drinks. don't most people count cards? it's a thing. ah! right there. you see that? drink number . your client? that's awful. no, no, no, it's good. we're even putting him in rehab to help nullify his contract. touching. harvey truly cares about his clients. uhuhuh, my idea. well, you're really coming along. what are you doing here so late? working with louis. i'm sorry? with louis? associate work. he, um. he replaced harold with me. good for you. looks like you're really coming along. thank you, mike. and that was the last drink of the night. drinks in hours in a pound man, and that's a blood alcohol level of . , double the legal limit. your honor, you've heard the expression beer goggles. well, when my client was looking at that dirty napkin, all he saw was angelina jolie. your honor, my client entered into a contract with a man that was aware enough to realize that he had a good hand, aware enough to ask for help, aware enough to sign a piece of paper for the sole purpose of winning a large pot of money, and now he's mad he lost. our client has a history of drinking and has agreed to be placed into rehab. that has nothing to do with this. that tape clearly shows that keith didn't make any of those decisions while he was sober. maybe not. but you did. what? the next morning, you came to my client and offered to pay him what you'd owed him if you'd won. i don't care what he says about his client's state of mind, he was stone cold sober. which clearly demonstrates they were perfectly happy with the terms of the contract. your honor, those were settlement talks, not subject to disclosure here. mr. specter, you're asking me to dismiss this contract without a trial. let's have it. yes, i made an offer. then i'm sorry, counselor, i'm not ruling for dismissal. this goes forward to trial. this guy is pissing me off. yeah, he's really good. kind of inspiring, actually. you trying to piss me off more? yeah, it focuses you. it's what you do to me. yeah, i do that because you don't have a natural killer instinct. yes, i do. good, because i need you to use it. see what i did there? yeah. what's our end game? interim control of the company. possession is of the law. whoever is in control in the interim is likely to be in control in the end. plus, if we're in the driver's seat, we can drag this trial out forever. and we can do anything we want in the meantime. by the time this is over, he won't even get back his million in chips. what do you need me to do? find out everything there is to know about this tommy guy and get his ass in here for a deposition. on it. louis, i finished. you were here all night? you said you wanted everything by this morning, so here's everything on the lease agreements and all of the financials. oh, no, sergei waltzed me through the financials earlier. did you know that he danced with nureyev? i did. um, also. i found this. lead paint? okay, this is. excellent. you can use it? use it ? we are gonna pas de deux all over their asses with it. we ? get out. okay. here to buy me a drink? that didn't go so well for me last time. no. no, i'm here same as everyone else, to contribute to your reelection campaign. actually, i already did. pearson hardman is now a platinum level donor. go, follman. i know what you're doing. of course, you don't have to disclose this, and neither do we, but i am of the opinion that elections are about truth, and truth requires openness. you think you can get me to recuse by implying a conflict of interest? you know, i hadn't thought of that. i'll simply return the money. that is certainly your prerogative. but it could look like you took money for favors and then got scared. no one forced liquor down your throat, ella. you got drunk, we played a bad joke, but that was a long time ago. you know, a man's reputation is at stake, and i'm not joking with you now. cheers. lastly, section , page states that the royal hall is responsible for all maintenance and repairs of the rehearsal space. i'm aware of what the lease says, mr. litt, having drafted it myself. okay, well, then how do you explain this? the royal hall's knowing failure to fix the air conditioning system has created a toxic environment. lead based paint. see, your disregard for the safety of your charges takes it from a tenant dispute to a criminal action, a fact that i will happily bring to the attention of the district attorney unless repairs are made yesterday. then you'll be exposing the ballet itself because the terms require they cover all repairs from a special fund they stopped paying into a year ago. no, no, no, no, payments have been going out every month. then perhaps you should figure out where they've been going in because it's not here. i'm sorry. i don't understand. our financial records say. mr. litt, we were willing to look the other way, but since you have come in here and threatened me, i'm going to take legal action of my own. we'll be filing for eviction. it's time the ballet moves on. can you tell me what this is exactly, mr. walsh? i don't know. if i told you it was a yaw drive, would that mean anything to you? a yaw drive keeps the rotor facing the right way, even when the wind direction changes. if you have a problem with this, you're not getting any power. i'm sorry, where exactly did you study engineering? i didn't. but you're suggesting that you can run an energy company. my client's gonna be running it, not designing parts. well, does your client have any idea how to protect the company from the numerous allegations made by the jarvis homeowners association? are you even aware of these allegations? i haven't taken over the company yet, mr. specter. well, let me explain something to you. my client's company needs to remain viable during the course of this trial, and these allegations are a threat to its very existence. and i don't think someone who doesn't know the difference between a yaw drive and a carburetor is the man for the job. he's right. i don't know anything about energy. and i'll tell you something else i also know very little about ice cream. yeah, i mean, i enjoy vanilla, but beyond that, nothing. vanilla. could've guessed. i assume you have a point. i don't know anything about any of the companies that i've turned around. but i don't have to because i hire experts to advise me on operating them. and the one thing all these experts have in common is that none of them has a drinking problem. your honor. he raised the issue. his client. and i quote. has a history of drinking and was, in fact, so intoxicated that night that his own lawyers had to place him to rehab. he disputed that. that is not the subject of this hearing. your honor, he's trying to. i know what he's trying to do. he's using your words against you. but they are your words, mr. specter. the issue of the napkin contract will be heard at trial, but in the interim, thomas walsh will assume control of the company. thank you. this is just wrong. i know, this ruling doesn't make any sense. no, i meant this. the hot dog is wrong? it's a truck. this is new york. i want a cart, a vendor, or a vague sense of danger, that the hot dog might be made of anything. okay, well, i think i saw some cats lurking out behind the truck. stop trying to make me feel better. not so bad. all right, street meat, you wanna talk about what just happened? no, i don't. you said whoever's in control in the interim. i know what i said. so what's the other ? what are you talking about? you said possession is of the law. so i figure we need the other , right? we're not gonna win this. what? we don't have him. it's a chance, but it's still a chance. i mean, the odds are. i'm not talking about the odds, i'm talking about the man. wow, i've never heard you say another lawyer's better than you before. he's not, he's just got a better hand, and he knows it. what if we play a new hand? i'm listening. you're always talking about this gun being pointed at your head. what if we take off our jacket and show them that we have a bomb strapped to our chest? it's a metaphor, metaphor. you wanted to see me? it was sergei. he lied to me. the money went into his account. there's no way that you could have. what, known? it's my job to know. god, i never take anyone at their word. you know i was eight years old when i saw him perform the nutcracker? eight. everybody else was into sports, and i was this rebel, gliding down my own path. he inspired me. that's why i'm so light on my feet. i just can't do it to him. i cannot do it to him, rachel. he is the ballet. no, the ballet is bigger than sergei. it embodies our emotions, it is breathtaking in its beauty, and most importantly, it expresses what cannot be put into words. yes, but. no buts. the louis i know wouldn't be defeated by something like this. he is ruthless. he is mean. and if someone wronged him, he wouldn't hesitate to tear them apart limb from limb. you ruined everything. i took your help, and now we're evicted! i want to. shut up, sergei. how dare you? me? you, you brought disgrace on my beloved ballet. i am the ballet. you were the ballet. and now you're done, and the royal hall, they've been paid. how? i reorganized accounts, moved money. i did what i do. i showed them how they can pay for everything by eliminating your bloated salary. well, the board would never agree, so it's ridiculous. oh, please, stop. it's why they're here, sergei. this isn't about the eviction. they know what you've done. they want to see your face when they tell you you're fired. but i'm giving you one chance to avoid scandal. my leaving is a scandal. your leaving is a gift. take it before i change my mind. you wanted to see me? that was a good speech. got me right here. the only thing is, you said, we played a joke. there was no we. it was you. you targeted me. what do you want me to say? i was young, i was stupid, and i'm sorry. you were young and smart, and i don't believe you're sorry for a second because it was no accident that the classroom you chose belonged to the professor who was conducting the interviews for the job we both wanted. i had no idea. you sabotaged me. there were dozens of applicants. no, we both know it was you or me. i didn't know that he. objection. bullshit. what do you want, ella? i want to recuse myself. on one condition admit you know what you did. i wanted that job. i know what i did. i'm not sorry i did it. and i'd do it again. you look confused. i am. about what? i.like louis. trust me, i've been there. doesn't last. oh, my god. is that. is that louis' dictaphone? oh, yeah, i needed it to transcribe the notes for the ballet case. do you have any idea what this means? rachel, this is a window into the mind of louis litt. it's a dictaphone. that he treats like his best friend. mike. ahh. come on, gotta try it. goal number seven perfect the british accent. hey, top of the morning, mate. would ya like some tea and crumpets? yes! no, no, no, no, no, no. we really. we really shouldn't. oh, no, but i think we really, really should. come up with a catchphrase. injunct this. hey, harold, injunct this. this is insane. insanely awesome. you just got litt up. excuse me, miss zane, you just got litt up. oh, no, rachel. no, no, no! enough. no, you just got litt up. i feel dirty. wait, wait, this is a gold mine. one more, come on. they're settling? you wanted that? wanted it? i goddamn orchestrated it. cm plays what they should have in the first place, and the suit against us goes away. and daniel hardman's none the wiser. where the hell is donna? he recorded us. he must have planted this in harvey's office. no, th. that's horrible. that's why he turned on me. wait a minute. what are you going to do? i don't know. but if i tell harvey about this, he is gonna kill louis. come on, let's go. they're in the conference room. okay. everything all right? uh, yeah, no. did you get that power of attorney? yeah. let's go set off that bomb. thanks. by the way, where did you find that yaw drive anyway? pulled it out of the back of a photocopier. gentlemen, as you are now in control of the company, we thought it best to bring a problem to your attention. how selfless of you. these are amended copies of the allegations against your company by the jarvis homeowners association. nice try. i looked into those allegations. not a single expert has backed one of their claims. well, one has now. keith hoyt. who better to speak to the harmful effects than the man who designed the wind farm himself? no, no, if he goes through with this, that company goes out of business. there's no way he kills his own company. you're right, he wouldn't. but i would, and as you pointed out, keith's judgment has been impaired lately, so i convinced him to let me make the decisions going forward. i now have power of attorney, and i'd rather see this company worth nothing than let you have it. this is bullshit. let him finish. something's coming. we have three choices here. we move forward with the suit. lose lose. we can give you your money back, plus the , , or you and i can play poker for it. and i'm not giving you your money back. are you crazy? you're gonna gamble a man's company? what, no, you're gonna gamble for million? it was your idea. no, it was my idea to make him take the , . but it's not , , it's . million. why give him that when i could take it for free? okay. but let me take it. what? a minute ago, you were ready to fold. what are you gonna do if he goes all in? harvey, i know the odds of every card in every hand before it's even dealt. pick a card in your mind, any card. wh. okay, what, now you're gonna tell me what the card is? i'm gonna tell you what it isn't. it's not one of the cards in a deck because you think you're smarter than me. it's a baseball card or football card or. it's the joker. i told you this before. i'm gonna tell you again. i don't play the odds. i play the man. well, let me tell you one thing. what? louis bugged your office. he heard our whole conversation about tanner's lawsuit, and then he ran, and he told hardman. you just saying that to make me mad, so i can focus? you're not the only one who can play the man. you really think you can handle me? oh, i think i'll be just fine. 'cause this isn't sunday afternoon bridge with your grandmother. i don't see how that's an insult to a person. i'll just keep dealing. look, we're supposed to play until one of us is busted, even if it takes all night, but you know what? i don't have all night. who's the grandmother now? better. he can't help you. but i do know why you're looking to him. you see, i looked into you. you say you're a self made man. your ex wife had a different story when she told me why she left you. she said you had a chip on your shoulder because everything you ever got came from daddy. now, you may not think this is true anymore. you said yourself, you're not an expert. but you hire them to advise you, run your companies, and fight your battles. tonight, it's you, me, and that stack of chips. let's play. you think you can bait me into calling you when you got me beat? you're gonna have to do better than that. you're right, tommy, i do have you beat. but these shity cards, they don't have anything to do with it. after that, he was on tilt, never recovered. took me minutes to bust him. are you out of your goddamn mind? how fast did you want me to beat him? that's not what i meant, and you know it. you're out of control. i'm fine. fine? let me connect the dots for you. donna's gone. you took mike to a casino, and two days later, you're gambling with a client's million company. i wasn't gambling, i was playing poker. harvey, save it. save it? gambling is what you do when you're playing against the house and hoping to get blackjack. i'm playing against people, and against people, i win. in a back room card game, that might be true, but you didn't know anything about this guy. he could've been phil ivey for all you know. you're gonna beat phil ivey? no, i did know, and i was right. this time. but you know what else gambling and what you did have in common? this. you think i didn't remember your life is this, and i like this speech? when you get that from your job, it's one thing, but then you start chasing it. no, i wasn't chasing it. we were going to lose this in court. then lose. no! i am not. you're not what? a human being? we're people, and sometimes we lose. sometimes? look, i don't know about you, but i feel like that's all we've been doing lately. hardman's back, donna's gone, we're being sued. i mean, we're fighting for our goddamn lives here. i just had a huge win, and i am not in the mood to hear why it might have turned out as a loss. harvey. you're right. we are being sued, and our backs are against the wall, and i need to know that this bullshit is out of your system and that you can focus. can you do that? i'm focused. i was. i don't give a shit what you were doing. you know, harvey, you can make fun of me all you want, but watch your tone. what the hell is that? that's not yours. this is a violation of my privacy. you know what, i have a right to know what's going on at this firm, just as much as you. okay. did you tell jessica? there's gonna come a day, louis, when i need something from you, and when i do, you're gonna remember that i let this pass. daniel hardman is not the answer. you owe me