 suits. when i was , my parents were involved in a really horrible accident. my grandmother took me in. it's your grandma. she passed away. either jessica will retain her position, or i will resume control of pearson hardman. i'm entitled to name one new senior partner a year. if you are on the wrong side, there'll be no coming back. the managing partner is daniel hardman. jessica lost! you lost! are you looking for another way to make my life miserable? zoe, i'm still not convinced i should hire you. well, harvey never tried to sleep with ted phillips. ms. sheila sazs. i think louis is attracted to female louis. i'm tess. you guys must go way back. first beer, prom, sex. your grandmother just died. when something like that happens, people don't make smart choices. you're married. and you called me anyway. what if hardman planted the cm memo in the first place? all those in favor of daniel hardman's dismissal. knock on door i don't care about being smart. laughs fyi, we're out of pizza. you're telling me this now? i didn't know you were gonna get high. you mean you didn't know we were gonna get high. oh, does this mean you're not going back to work tomorrow? no, it means i'm celebrating going back to work tomorrow. fine. but don't think i don't know what you're really doing. what, getting you high, so i can get into your pants or under your sheet or whatever? i meant you're afraid. afraid? nope. i'm not afraid, i can't wait to get back. you can't wait to get back to talk to rachel? i am not afraid to talk to rachel. and i'm not afraid of the big, bad wolf. look, i told you, she's a friend. she was just coming to check up on me, that's all. and i told you i believed you. you're welcome. so why can't you just keep pretending you believe me now? because you have to go back to work tomorrow. and your husband gets back in town tomorrow. you want more pizza? let's order more pizza. yeah. great. somebody give you a promotion? somebody should. lopez buyout delayed, phillips merger closed. oh, and zoe lawford called, which is odd, because i don't remember us having a trial we needed consulting services on. so that's why you're sitting at my desk. i wanted to be in a position of power when i toyed with you. let's get one thing clear. i'm not charlie brown, you're not lucy, and that's not a football. let's get two things clear. i don't remember ever placing a call to zoe, but her message said she was calling back. i called her. for business. what kind of business? a merger? okay, what are you, years old? i'm not the one robbing the cradle here. i'm not robbing anything. zoe and i are the same age. so you admit it. you called to ask her on a date. behind my back. it wasn't behind your back. you'd gone home already. because you waited for me to go home. like i said, it was behind your back. harvey, just out of curiosity, what took you so long to call her? i had my hands full with hardman. well, now you're hands full of her. look, now it's over, i want to celebrate. and she's the person i want to do it with. are you gonna tell her that? i assume you heard that the lopez buyout was delayed? so i'm gonna need some. louis, i don't give a shit what you need. all right, harvey, you know what? look, it's been a week. you won, you know, get over it. get out. you know, for your information, i wasn't the only senior partner who voted for hardman. and i don't see you giving anyone else shit the way you give me. and by the way, when the chips were down, i backed you, i ousted him. you mean when you did this? tell yourself whatever you want, louis, but tell it to yourself. you here to rip the band aid off? it's what grammy always said to do when you have a boo boo. really? you're gonna use her to get out of this? look, rachel, i understand that you're mad at me. no, i'm not. what's that expression? fool me once, shame on you. fool me twice. nobody's fooling anybody. i'm sorry. sorry for what? for what i saw or what you did? rachel, come on. i'm just trying to. let me just ask you this. does she know that six hours before you screwed her, you tried to screw me? okay, let's not pretend that this is about her, okay? so she knows, or she doesn't? i mean, is it fair to her that she was your second choice that night? because if i were her, mike. she's married. i don't think she's really worried about being my second choice. welcome back. who's ready for a great first day? harvey, can you give us a minute, please? i can't. we actually have a crisis. we gotta go. come on. clears throat you once told me you could fix anything, harvey. this is my son, liam. your mother says you have a problem. um, i was driving home from greenwich last night. a friend's party. i hit someone. i i didn't see him. he came out of nowhere. were you drunk? don't answer that. if this comes to trial, i can't put him on the stand. but i wasn't drinking. and if we asked everybody else at the party, would they tell the same story? if it comes out, we need to know. talk to anyone who was there. what if i checked your car for beer bottles right now? go ahead. check anything you want. i'm telling the truth. okay, it was an accident. we can deal with this. tell me, what happened to the guy you hit? i don't know. that's why we called you. what do you mean? he drove away. see the money, wanna stay for your meal get another piece of pie for your wife everybody wanna know how it feel everybody wanna see what it's like living in a beehive of your mind me and missus so busy, busy making money all right all that time imagine this the greenback boogie i know exactly what you're gonna say. we have to find out what happened to the guy he hit. so i'm gonna call all the hospitals. i think you need to sit this one out. look, i know i jumped the gun, but one wrong question and i'm out? you weren't jumping the gun, it set you off. harvey, i'm fine. look, i'm not blaming you, i'm understanding you. your parents were killed by a drunk driver. and liam said he wasn't drunk. doesn't matter. your emotions get the better of you on a merger. gillian's a longtime client. it's her only son, i can't have that. i can do this. your grandmother just died. i said i'm on board. i'm on board. so what do you think? the damage helps us. it's minimal. more importantly, if the impact was central, guy would have been directly in your field of vision, so this backs the story up. he came out of nowhere. albert chung was rushed to the e.r. last night, after a call. you called ? yeah. you should have told us that. he has a concussion, contusions, four cracked ribs, but he's stable. thank god, so it's okay. gillian, liam needs to turn himself in. it was an accident. exactly, so if he comes forward, he's a year old kid who freaked out, but now he's doing the right thing. harvey's right. if they come to us, which i know they will, we'll be on the defensive, we'll never recover. shit. you can't know that. they might never find him. you really want to risk your son's life on that? i'm sorry, but isn't this liam's decision? what's gonna happen to me? i don't know. but if you're worried about prison movies, that's not what's gonna happen. how do you know that? because i know harvey. i don't know. i don't know. hey, believe it or not, i've been where you are right now. what? yeah. i was . got busted for possession, ounce. chuckles i was so scared. you smoke? i did. i do. but you didn't hurt anybody. i know it feels like there's no way out. but i'm telling you, you're going to be home in time for dinner. i must say, i'm so glad you called. i'm so glad you answered. i'm glad you're glad. when were you gonna tell me about your promotion? you know about my promotion? senior partnerships rocket to my ears with the speed of a late night bullet. really? i read it on twitter. from the moment i laid eyes on you, i could tell you were a baller. oh, i ball, which is why i called you. one of the perks of my new title. say it. whispering senior partner. go on. i get to hire an associate of my own. a boy wonder to my batman. well, i am with you, dark knight. i want you to send me the best of the best. i've already lined up interviews with my top five recent graduates. have you? figure of speech. but, i have to say, i was hoping you didn't call exclusively for business. i was hoping you were hoping that. i'm gonna be honest with you, louis. senior partner has a certain sex appeal junior partner doesn't. i thought that to myself about myself. room . p.m. tomorrow. bring coconut oil, a ski mask, and duct tape. whispering fear never felt so good. katrina bennett. harvey specter. nice to meet you. your record is something of a legend around here. excellent. i hope we can extend each other some professional courtesy. i'm not extending you anything. of course. what better thing to do than to take down a legend? well, i'm glad we understand each other. we do, but here's the problem. this isn't the case for it. it's a misdemeanor, leaving the scene, and now he's turned himself in. because you knew we'd trace the call. that's not why. he feels terrible. he feels afraid. not the same thing. katrina, i understand you want to take me out, but this is an accident. liam made a mistake, and he's rectifying it. we'll accept maximum community service and whatever fine you deem appropriate. and what about funeral costs? wait. what? he died? which makes it felony hit and run. he was stable. his concussion led to a brain bleed. that man's death doesn't change the fact that it was an accident. felony hit and run, under these circumstances, is to years. you wanted courtesy? here it is. i'll go ten. that's crazy. it was dark. he wasn't drinking. tell me it's not what you would have offered. maria monroe. secretary of your class at harvard law. clerked for chief justice roberts. glowing letters of recommendation. you think this impresses me? negative. which means you have exactly five minutes to convince me that you're the one. i don't need five minutes. i am the one. it's you who's on the clock, louis. i have standing offers from the top three firms in the city. pearson hardman is a top three firm. well, i used to think so. but if it's taking you this long to meet with me, maybe you're slipping. oh, no, i'm not. stammers we're not slipping. you need to submit a formal offer by noon tomorrow if you want me to even consider working here. wh. maria, hold on a second. just wait right there, wait right there. you four, beat it. position has been filled. i'll beat any salary by . , signing bonus. put it in writing. w w w. don't you want me to give you a tour of the firm? show you where you'll be working? well, i don't care where i'd be working because i'm a machine. i have to have you. that's what they all say. police report, photos of the intersection, coroner's report. this isn't sixth grade math. don't show me your work, just give me the answer. god, i wish i had you in the sixth grade. except, no. miss jenson, very hot. you need a minute alone? there was a reason that liam did not see albert chung. he was wearing a hooded sweatshirt, jeans, and sneakers. all black. guy couldn't have been harder to see if he was trying. maybe he was trying. albert chung was an art school dropout. look at that graffiti on the wall. a.c. albert chung. he was trying to be invisible because he was tagging that building. and he was running away when he got hit. which means liam didn't cause the accident, albert chung did. i think you missed your calling as a fake cop. going back to that well again? okay. so what are you gonna do? stick it to katrina? no, you're gonna stick it to katrina. you heard her. her agenda isn't just prosecuting liam, it's beating me. see, i'm taking the personal out of it. your problem is, you put the personal into it. okay, i thought my problem was showing you my work unnecessarily. who said there's only one problem? well played. felony hit and run hinges on a lack of contributory negligence. albert chung was fleeing a crime scene. he put himself in harm's way. so your client can't be held responsible? we'll plead to misdemeanor leaving the scene, but that's all. i'm going to do you a favor and take this deal. you're not doing me a favor, you're doing yourself a favor. we've got you. got me or not, it's no secret the d.a. and harvey had a run in. he finds out this is harvey's case, it goes to trial. and anything can happen at trial, so let me be clear, i am doing you a favor. what do you want? to make the same career jump harvey did. to corporate litigation? to pearson hardman. wait, i thought you. that i wanted to kick harvey's ass? i said that because you don't impress a lawyer like harvey with flowers. look, this is a fair plea. and it's one that should go through. i'll make sure that it does. and if you were to put a word in with harvey, i would appreciate it. you got to be kidding me. she actually said that? yeah. i don't know if i settled a case or agreed to a bribe. did she sign the plea offer? yeah. then, a, because she can't rescind that thing unless new evidence comes to light, and i don't have to interview her for shit. good. yeah, good. i don't want to hire another associate ever again. the one i picked causes me enough headaches. oh, right, like winning cases? graffiti, man in black. is that ringing any bells? it does indeed, which leads us to our next assignment, should you choose to accept it. please tell me you're about to self destruct. we need to settle with the chung family. harvey, their son just died. i know, and i also know that grief comes in stages, and the best time to settle is before it gets to anger. you mean the best time to take advantage of them is before it gets to anger. that's not. our concern? i know we got liam out of prison, but he still hit a guy, and that guy is still dead. and we still represent liam. harvey. i know it's not the same situation, but. i remember the day the lawyer came to our place. nick rinaldi. i. i remember his dirty shoes. i. i remember how they scraped the floor when he walked into the living room to tell my grandmother how much my parents' lives were worth. i've been where these people are. let me be the one to tell them. you sure you can handle it? i'm sure as hell not going to leave them to the likes of you. okay, you can handle it. you're authorized to go as high as , . divorce is on . look, i know that you're mad at me, and i never meant to put you in this situation, but i would really appreciate it if you kept what i told you to yourself. laughs let me get this straight. you hit on me, then you run into the arms of some married woman, you come waltzing into my office trying to cutesy your way out of it, and now you have the nerve to think i'm gonna go and tell other people? box hittable i have no idea what you're gonna tell other people, but you sure seem to have the ability to judge everything that i do. do you think that you have the lock on bad decisions? all i know is i'm not little miss perfect. i've had an affair before too. you see the look on your face? who's judging who now, mike? and, no, it was not some year old man trying to take advantage of poor, young me. we were the same age, and i went after him. i am not the goody goody you think i am. you have no idea what you passed on. and i'll tell you something, mike. what you're doing, it only ends one way. ms. chung, i just want you to know that liam colson is devastated by this accident, regardless of who caused it. thank you. i know that there's no amount of money that can ever make up for it. and that this is probably the last thing you want to be talking about. my brother wasn't exactly a model citizen, mr. ross. we know he's not entitled to much. all my parents want is to pay off albert's debts and cover the funeral costs. and how much would that be? , . well, i'd like to offer you , . in fact, i insist on it. speaking in cantonese speaking in cantonese where do we sign? um. right here and here. pen scribbles will you stay for some tea? i'd be honored. p.m. to the second. punctuality is the best aphrodisiac. who are you? i'm batman. did you bring the accoutrement? oui. i'm on pins and needles. giggles uh uh. before we begin, i need to know. who's your front runner? maria monroe. wasn't even close. i know. there were no five best. you were testing me? mm hmm. i wasn't about to serve up my best candidate on a silver platter. god, i love that. after all, maria is very desirable. but the thing is, i'm gonna need you. to help me close her. louis, come closer. stop. i'm gonna close the shit out of maria for you. and you're gonna close the shit out of me. all aboard. wait a minute, if i didn't pick her, we wouldn't be doing this? oh, i'm saying no such thing. but the nature of what we're about to do would be radically different. i dominated, so i get to dominate. you get to be dominated. yes, i do. do you need a safe word? safe words are for pussies. start with my slippers. oh, thank you. gasps knocks on door hello. where are your flowers? my flowers? you go on a date, you're supposed to bring flowers. am i? yes, harvey. everyone knows that. how many dates have you been on? six. six? mm, sounds serious. who's the lucky guy? jason. he's not a guy, he's a boy. and he brings flowers. laughs well, maybe next time we can have a double date. you that sure it's gonna go well tonight? olivia, why don't you go upstairs and finish watching your show? is there maybe something you forgot to tell me? you mean about your daughter? see, that's funny because we never slept together. i don't find it funny in the least, and by it, i mean that we never slept together. seriously, harvey, i'm really sorry about this. olivia's my niece. my brother just dropped her off. he didn't have anybody else. then i guess we'll have to sit down, watch bugs bunny, and order a pizza. laughs bugs bunny? yeah, no one watches that anymore. i thought apocalypse now would be a little much for her. can i come in? hey. thanks for starting without me. couldn't wait. that bad a day? mm, nope, that good of one. so your little chat with rachel went well. not what i meant. i negotiated a settlement with the sister of the man who was killed in a car accident today. oh, my god. no, no. it's not what you think. i, um, i gave this family dignity. and as hard as it was. it was the best day of work i've ever had. that's awesome. yeah. cell phone vibrates hey. liam's plea deal came through. it's on its way to gillian's. i need you to go over there and walk 'em through it, so we can wrap this up. uh, i'm on my way. sh. what? i have to go see a client. mike, you're high. what if they can tell? tess, i was high every day of my life for years, and nobody knew, okay? hands clap i can handle it. she asleep? not exactly. she wants you to go up there and kiss her good night. laughs you don't have to do this. no, i can do that. harvey. afterwards, i want you to come down here and kiss me good night. so. i sign this, and we're done? um. yeah. uh, the a.d.a. agreed to it, so you sign it, and then, um. and then the judge will sign it. voice breaks and then. then we're done. sighs sighs sighs community service and a fine. you sound disappointed. no, no, i appreciate it. it's just. it could have been so much worse. i thought my life was over. i'm such an asshole. hey, liam, it's okay to feel relief. the chung family doesn't blame you. nobody blames you. do you remember what you said the other day about getting high? laughs um, why are you asking me that? i was high. what? sighs how could you not tell us that? 'cause harvey said not to. but you said you weren't drunk. you said, ask everyone. you could have. i was alone. i get high all the time, and no one ever knows. oh, my god. what's the matter? you said this was a done deal. it is, right? yeah. yeah, it's a done deal. we got a huge problem. don't worry, mike. i'm sure 'nsync will tour again someday. we can't submit this deal because it wasn't an accident. it was a dui. what? he was stoned. this changes everything. it changes nothing. i misrepresented the facts to katrina. no, you didn't, because you didn't know because we didn't ask. and i didn't ask now, but he told me now. and that's privileged, and the deal is done. wait a minute, so you're not gonna do anything? i'm gonna have donna messenger this to the d.a.'s office. harvey, this family thinks their son is to blame. because he was fleeing the scene of a crime, which put him in harm's way. okay, maybe. but if i don't tell them this part, then i'm no different than nick rinaldi. you're already different. what do you mean? i mean, they were ready to take the , , but you gave 'em , . did you think i wasn't going to find out about that? harvey, please, come on. you asked me to be on this case after i warned you about something like this. you said, i'm on board. do you have any idea what would happen if gillian found out what you did? what if she found out about her son? she'd probably give them a bigger settlement. but, hey, you already did that, and i let it go. you need to let this go. say whatever you want. that's no different than nick rinaldi, that's just more money and cleaner shoes. oh, my god. you were waiting. i heard you were here, so i rushed right out. i formally accept your offer of employment at pearson hardman. oh, this is the best week ever. i won't let you down. i'm sorry. i have no idea what this is regarding, but, yes, he will. he always does. water off a snail's back. see what i mean? donna paulsen, maria monroe, my personal first year. oh. she's a machine. and let me just tell you something, she's gonna run circles around mike ross. you wait right here, and i'll get us some bundt cake. i'm sorry, mike who? mike ross. is he a first year? why do you ask? i thought you only hired from harvard. we do. i was secretary of my class. i knew every name. there was no mike ross my year at harvard. but you weren't the same year. no, i clerked for a year. he's a year ahead of me here, but he would have been in my class. oh, well, mike clerked for three years, which means he wasn't in your class. well, i look forward to meeting him. uh. last night. i was, uh. i was driving home, i'd had a lot to drink. i hit someone. and i'm pretty sure that they're dead. so, uh, i need your help. sorry, i don't take cases like that. you don't take cases like that? what about your case from ? driver plows into a car, after drinking about a thousand jack and cokes, killing a happily married couple? james and nina ross? i'm afraid i have no recollection of that. oh, yeah? let me ring a bell for you, then. two days later, you walk into their living room, you find their little boy and his grandmother just sitting there, and then you stick it to them. they hadn't even had time to hold a wake yet. are you still gonna deny it? i didn't deny it, just have no recollection of it because i did it so many times. i'm sorry, is that supposed to move me, huh? am i supposed to think that you're somehow above all that now? it's not supposed to do anything. but let me point out, you walked in here two minutes ago, told me you'd hit somebody, and i turned you away. sighs what's your name? like you give a shit. okay. what are you looking for from me? i want to know how you live with yourself. i want to know how you wake up every morning and not put a bullet in your brain, knowing what a piece of shit you are! you might not want to hear this. but just because i don't remember who you are doesn't mean i don't regret what i did to you. now the sad fact is that once a deal is done, it can't be undone. james and nina ross. if i ever see you again, you better remember who they are. thank you. did you know louis is hiring his own associate? not specifically, but he is entitled to it. we got to stop him. harvey, i know you're mad at louis. so am i, but it's over. we won, and the man has a job to do. that's not what i meant. we let him hire the person he just hired, mike's gonna be exposed. how do you know this? she was secretary of his class. and there's kids in that class. nobody knows everybody. she says she does. how can you be so sure? donna met her. she's sure. goddamn mike ross. he's the gift that keeps on giving. how many more headaches is this kid gonna cause me, harvey? you wanted to see me? did you make an offer to a maria monroe to be a first year associate? yes, and let me just tell you something, you're gonna love her. rescind it. what? firm's been through a lot. we have to regroup. therefore, i'm instituting a hiring freeze, which you would have known about had you come and asked my permission first. okay, you can't do this. i'm a senior partner, and that's the rule. strictly speaking, it's not a rule, it's a tradition. i get it. strictly speaking, this isn't about a hiring freeze, this is punishment. you can be punitive, i can be punitive. the offer already went out, jessica. you're a lawyer, make it go away. what am i gonna tell the world? i'm gonna look like a freaking fool. well, tell them there's a hiring freeze. i don't care. make it go away. you're dismissed. the message you left was a little cryptic. what do you want? i want to help you get what you want. and what is that? liam colson was driving under the influence when he hit albert chung. how exactly did you come to know that? i can't tell you that. thank you, mike. yeah. all rise for the honorable judge nicholas palermo. be seated. state of new york versus liam colson. i am happy to report the state entered into a plea agreement with the defendant last night. you have a copy of the terms, your honor. everything appears to be in order. the agreement is approved. community service starts monday. that's it? you're just walking away? as fast as i can. because you know what i can't tell you how i know that means? it means you just violated privilege. wait, so you don't care that he was driving under the influence? i can't prove he was under the influence. you don't know what you could prove if you got that kid in a room. if i were to use what you just told me, all i would be doing is making myself look like an idiot. are you really gonna be able to sleep at night? are you? you're the one who walked in there and tried to sell out a year old kid. he took someone's life, right? that someone had a mother and a father and a sister. that family is never gonna be the same. listen to me, you think i haven't had a case where i could have crossed a line to put someone away? laughs i wouldn't be surprised if you did, after that bribe you offered me. i didn't offer you shit. i did you a favor. and then i asked for a favor, which you could do or not. is that really what you tell yourself when you look in the mirror? if you're willing to break privilege, you're the one who needs to look in the mirror. katrina bennett called. the deal's done. get the paperwork started. harvey, what did you do? i did what i had to do. your first hire was mike. are you sure you want this to be your second? i don't want to hear it. she starts on monday. chateauneuf du pape, . i guess they were out of the ' . louis, you look like i just kicked you in the stomach but in a bad way. i'm sorry. i, uh. my mind's on something else. what is it? promise you won't be mad? you're not about to tell me i have to get tested, are you? what? no. nothing like that. i. i had to rescind the offer. to maria. you're mad? no. i'm disappointed. sheila. you're not the man i thought you were. i. i didn't have a choice. it was jessica pearson's decision. okay, well, then i must have read you wrong 'cause i thought you were a strong, powerful senior partner. i am. the evidence suggests otherwise. i think you should go. sheila, please. i mean, can't this snafu just be something we laugh at, like, in an hour and a half, hour and minutes? your sexual prowess isn't gonna get you out of this. you are mad. yeah. i put my reputation on the line to close maria. look, it's not my fault. the firm instituted a hiring freeze. if there's a hiring freeze going on, then why do i know for a fact that harvey specter hired a fifth year associate today? you offered katrina bennett a job? i looked into her. turns out she's a stellar candidate. scoffs you bribed her. a bribe requires a clear exchange of something for something else. that didn't happen here. bullshit. she said she'd put the deal through if you offered her a job. she said she'd put the deal through, then i offered her a job. oh, right, because you needed an insurance policy. because i could see exactly what you were gonna do. so you offered her a job to get her to do what you wanted. that's something for something else. you bribed her. you bet your ass i did. but what you're too stupid to understand is i did it to save you. get it through your goddamn head. you're not like other lawyers. you break attorney client privilege, nothing different happens with liam, but they're sure as shit gonna look into you. and you and i both know what they're gonna find when they do. what difference does it make what they find? there's such a thing as right and wrong. and we're wrong! you know what? i have had it up to here with you blaming me for every hard choice that comes with this job. harvey, come on. shut up! is your life better or worse than before i hired you? it's both. well, maybe you should focus on the better, because the next time i have the option to cross a line to save you, i'll send you packing and not think twice. now get your shit together. elevator bell dings is it done? it's done. thank you. what's wrong? what's wrong? a man is dead. you killed him, and i have to live with it. and you think i don't know that? i get to go back to my life like nothing happened, but something did happen. it makes me sick. it should. is that why you came here, to make me feel worse? you've been given a gift that you don't deserve. so you better clean yourself up and figure out a way to make up for albert chung. knock at door you brought flowers. you're learning. they're for olivia. what about me? that's for you. you bought me a. car? yeah, i was thinking we'd drive up to the berkshires. there's a little cabin i know. it's got its own sauna, private chef. oh, wow. i can't go away with you, harvey. why not? my brother's got cancer. he's. he's not gonna make it. oh, my god. her dad. i mean, we knew that it was coming. we just didn't know it would be this fast. is she here? no. but i'm going to my parents', and i'm gonna. i'm gonna take her with me. i'm gonna raise her. why didn't you tell me? because i thought, you know, when. sniffles you saw olivia was here, that we'd reschedule or something, you know? and then. i saw you with her, and it. it was. you wanted to have a night. okay, i didn't think it would lead to that. but i'm really happy that it did. when are you going? soon. i'm sorry. i'm so, so sorry. surprise. hey, i never heard from you. how did the case go? i don't want to talk about it. that bad, huh? yeah, that bad. well, why don't you come over here, and i'll make you feel better? i already started without you. i can't do this anymore, tess. get high? it's so disgusting. what got into you? this whole thing is disgusting. are you breaking up with me? do you love your husband? what? it's a simple question, tess, answer it. do you love your husband? uh, i don't know. see, i don't even know that. because we never even talk about it. well, we can talk about it now. i don't want to talk about it now! tess, there is such a thing as right and wrong. and what we're doing here. it's just wrong, and. you're married. and i don't want a part of it anymore. what if i wasn't? mike. you need to go. and i need to get my shit together