 rolling over the sands. you can see spice in the air. inhuman growl at nightfall, the spice harvesters land. the outsiders race against time to avoid the heat of the day. thumping music tempo increasing they ravage our lands in front of our eyes. their cruelty to my people is all i've known. dramatic music playing these outsiders, the harkonnens, came long before i was born. by controlling spice production, they became obscenely rich. richer than the emperor himself. exhales sharply stabs man screaming gunshot explosions screaming our warriors couldn't free arrakis from the harkonnens, but one day, by imperial decree, they were gone. why did the emperor choose this path? and who will our next oppressors be? inhales deeply breathes deeply soft music playing lady jessica it's good you're up early. your father wants you in full dress before the emperor's herald arrives. full dress? military? ceremonial. paul sighs why do we have to go through all this when it's already been decided? ceremony. mm. thank you. if you want it, make me give it to you. use the voice. mom, i just woke up. give me the water. the glass can't hear you. command me. wind chimes tinkling distorted voice give me the water. wind chimes stops tinkling almost. normal voice almost? bene gesserit skills take years to learn, paul. paul mm hmm. you look tired. more dreams? no. narrator over speakers extreme temperatures and treacherous weather events make life outside the cities of arrakis truly hostile, with sandstorms powerful enough to cut through metal. only the native tribes known as the fremen have adapted well enough to survive. preferring to inhabit the remotest regions of arrakis, the fremen share the deep desert with the giant sandworms known to the fremen as shai hulud. long exposure to spice has given the tribe their characteristic blue eyes, the eyes of ibad. little else is known of the fremen, except that they are dangerous and unreliable. fremen attacks make spice harvesting extremely hazardous. for the fremen, spice is the sacred hallucinogen which preserves life and brings enormous health benefits. for the imperium, spice is used by the navigators of the spacing guild to find safe paths between the stars. without spice, interstellar travel is impossible, making it by far the most valuable substance in the universe. slow dramatic music playing slow dramatic music continues smile, gurney. i am smiling. how much will it cost them, traveling all this way for this formality? three guild navigators. a total of . million, solaris, round trip. by the grace of shaddam iv of house corrino, ascendant to the golden lion throne of padishah emperor of the known universe, i stand before you as herald of the change. we are witnessed by members of the imperial court, representatives of the spacing guild and a sister of the bene gesserit. the emperor has spoken. house atreides shall immediately take control of arrakis and serve as its steward. do you accept? leto we are house atreides. there is no call we do not answer, there is no faith that we betray. the emperor asks us to bring peace to arrakis. house atreides accepts. officers chanting atreides! atreides! atreides! atreides! atreides! atreides! your seal. so, it's done? it's done. lanville how was it? duncan over mask stabilizers are too loose. we'll dial it in. thank you, my friend. lanville got it. paul duncan. duncan my boy. duncan chuckles hey. hey. duncan paul, my boy. so, you're going to arrakis tomorrow. with the advance team. yes, i'm going to arrakis tomorrow with the advance team. i'd like you to take me with you. you would? well, that's too bad. 'cause no. paul duncan. are you trying to get me court martialed? what's going on? can i trust you with something? always. you know that. sighs i've been having dreams. about arrakis and the fremen. ethereal music playing duncan okay. so? i saw you. with the fremen. ah. so, i do find them. there you go. that's a good omen right there, right? lanville! i saw you lying dead. fallen in battle. it felt like if i had been there, you'd be alive. first off, i'm not gonna die. you're not taking me seriously. that's why you want to come with me. listen. dreams make good stories, but everything important happens when we're awake. 'cause that's when we make things happen. look at you. put on some muscle? i did? no. hey. see you on arrakis, my boy. sighs animal chirping father, i'd like to ask to join duncan idaho on his scout mission to arrakis tomorrow. i've studied the fremen language, i'd be an asset. out of the question. you'll travel in a few weeks to arrakis, like the rest of us. i've been training my whole life. what is the point if i'm not allowed to face some actual risk? you know why, paul. you're the future of house atreides. and grandfather fought bulls for sport! yes. and look where that got him. i need you by my side. when we get to arrakis, we'll face enormous danger. what danger? the fremen? the desert? political danger. the great houses look to us for leadership, and this threatens the emperor. by taking arrakis from the harkonnens and making it ours, he sets the stage for a war which would weaken both houses. but if we hold firm, and tap the true power of arrakis, we could be stronger than ever. what does that mean? mining spice, keeping the fremen in their place? we'd be no better than harkonnens. no. by making an alliance with the fremen. that's what i've sent duncan idaho to arrange. here on caladan, we've ruled by air power and sea power. on arrakis, we need to cultivate desert power. i want you sitting in on my council. learn what i do. what if i'm not, dad? not what? the future of house atreides. leto sighs i told my father i didn't want this either. i wanted to be a pilot. you never told me that. your grandfather said, a great man doesn't seek to lead. he's called to it, and he answers. and if your answer is no. you'll still be the only thing i ever needed you to be. my son. i found my own way to it. maybe you'll find yours. in their memory. give it a try. grunting gurney don't stand with your back to the door. how many times do we have to tell you? paul grunts i could tell it was you by your footsteps, gurney halleck. gurney someone might imitate my stride. paul i know the difference. are you the new weapons master? with duncan idaho gone, i must make do as best i can. choose your blade. i've had quite a day, gurney. give us a song instead. smacks lips that's rude. paul grunts powers up device beeps paul groans panting gurney come on. come on. old man. exhales forcefully paul grunts device beeps ah, the slow blade penetrates the shield. groans i guess i'm not in the mood today. mood? yeah. what's mood to do with it? you fight when the necessity arises, no matter the mood. now fight! both grunting come on! device beeps i have you. aye. but look down, my lord. you'd have joined me in death. i see you found the mood. gurney panting devices deactivate will it be that bad? you don't get it, do you? you don't really understand the grave nature of what's happening to us. for years, arrakis belonged to house harkonnen. years of owning the spice fields. can you imagine the wealth? your eyes. i need to see it in your eyes. you never met harkonnens before, i have. they're not human, they're brutal! you have to be ready. dramatic ominous music playing rabban lord baron. vladimir rabban. the last of our ships have left arrakis. it's done. vladimir very good. uncle, how can we let this happen? how can the emperor shouting take everything we've built and give it to that duke? how? don't be too sure it's an act of love. breathes heavily what does he mean? when is a gift not a gift? the atreides' voice is rising, and the emperor is a jealous man. a dangerous, jealous man. ominous music playing voices chanting indistinctly voices continue chanting voices fade paul. softly paul, wake up. what's wrong? get dressed and come with me. what is this? the reverend mother gaius helen mohiam is here. she was my teacher at the bene gesserit school. she's now truthsayer to the emperor himself. she would like to meet you. why? she wants to know about your dreams. how does she know about my dreams? and why is dr. yueh here? he only needs a moment. dr. yueh hello, young master. your mother asked me to check your vitals. what's happening? whispering in mandarin in english his heart is strong as ever, my lady. in sign language paul. in sign language eerie voices who are you? defiance in the eyes. like his father. leave us. whispers you must do everything the reverend mother tells you. you dismiss my mother in her own house. mohiam in distorted voice come here. kneel. how dare you use the voice on me? in normal voice put your right hand in the box. your mother bade you obey me. paul breathes heavily i hold at your neck the gom jabbar. a poison needle. instant death. the test is simple. remove your hand from the box and you die. what's in the box? pain. scoffs no need to call the guards. your mother stands behind that door. no one would get past her. paul why are you doing this? an animal caught in a trap will gnaw off its own leg to escape. what will you do? high pitched whirring groans exhales sharply sobbing softly shudders grunts in pain silence. paul breathing raggedly paul grunts in pain shuddering i must not fear. i must not fear. stifles grunt, whimpers suppressed groan fear is the mind killer. fear is the little death that brings obliteration. whirring intensifies paul grunts and i'll face my fear and i'll permit it to pass over me and through me. ominous music playing dramatic lamentation music playing searing and when it has gone past. i will turn the inner eye and see its path. gasps sobs and where the fear has gone, there will be nothing. only i will remain. enough. panting whirring fading like sifting sand through a screen, we sift people. if you had been unable to control your impulses, like an animal, we could not let you live. you inherit too much power. what, because i'm a duke's son? because you are jessica's son. you have more than one birthright, boy. jessica? you've been training him in the way. tell me about these dreams. i had one tonight. what did you see? a girl. on arrakis. have you dreamt of her before? many times. do you often dream things that happen just as you dreamed them? not exactly. goodbye, young human. i hope you live. lady jessica did you have to go that far? mohiam you chose to train him in the way, in defiance of our rule. he wields our power. he had to be tested to the limits. so much potential, wasted in a male. you were told to bear only daughters. but you, in your pride, thought you could produce the kwisatz haderach. was i wrong? you're lucky he didn't die in that room. if he is the one, he has a long way to go. his sight is barely awakened, and now he goes into the fire. but our plans are measured in centuries. we have other prospects if he fails his promise. do you see so little hope? mohiam on arrakis, we have done all we can for you. a path has been laid. let's hope he doesn't squander it. voices murmuring indistinctly breathes heavily lady jessica paul. paul what does it mean? that i could be the one? lady jessica you heard. the bene gesserit serve as powerful partners to the great houses, but there's more to it. you steer the politics of the imperium from the shadows. i know. you don't know everything. for thousands of years, we've been carefully crossings bloodlines to bring forth. the one? a mind. powerful enough to bridge space and time. past and future. who can help us into a better future. we think he's very close now. some believe he's here. all part of a plan. slow dramatic music playing slow dramatic music continues spaceship lands shield. metallic groan metallic thudding door opens my lungs taste the air of time, blown past falling sand. bagpipe playing band playing patriotic music thufir hawat. young master! how does it feel to walk on a new world? exciting, to say the least. my lord. how are you, old friend? my advance team has secured the city. we're still smoothing out a few rough spots. my lady. woman lisan al gaib! crowd clamoring man lisan al gaib! lisan al gaib! woman lisan al gaib! crowd chanting lisan al gaib! lisan al gaib! lisan al gaib! lisan al gaib! lisan al gaib! lisan al gaib! lisan al gaib! lisan al gaib! don't be fooled by the welcome. they follow their old masters' rules. mandatory attendance. that's harkonnen love out there. crowd continues chanting atreides! soldiers chanting atreides! atreides! atreides! atreides! atreides! atreides! atreides! atreides! thufir let's get you out of the sun. the heat can kill in this place. ornithopters powering up they were pointing at us. what are they shouting? lisan al gaib. voice from the outer world. it's their name for messiah. it means the bene gesserit have been at work here. planting superstitions. preparing the way, paul. these people have waited for centuries for the lisan al gaib. they see you, they see the signs. they see what they've been told to see. we're good to go. thufir shield wall. protects the city from the weather and the worms. eerie dramatic music playing gurney the locals call the big one the hand of god. leto well, the hand of god is wreaking havoc on our comms system. it's so quiet. gurney yeah. that's what worries me, too. leto there's the spaceport and that plume of dust there is the spice refinery. our two most vulnerable points. i want you guarding them. if we can't refine spice and ship it off world, we're dead here. lanville my lord. the sun's getting too high. we need to seal the doors. leto sighs what do they say about this hellhole again? to shower, you scrub your ass with sand, my lord. that's what they say. that's what they say. thufir candidates for a housekeeper, my lady. what is your name? shadout mapes, my lady. lady jessica the rest of you may go. thank you. shadout. it's an old chakobsa word. well dipper. speaking chakobsa in english you know the ancient tongues? i know many things. i know that you have a weapon concealed in your bodice. in sign language speaking if you mean to harm me, i must warn you, whatever you're hiding, it won't be enough. the weapon is meant as a gift if you are truly the one. do you know this? it's a crysknife. do you know its meaning? in sign language it's a maker. wailing a maker of the deep desert. when you have lived with prophecy for so long, the moment of revelation is a shock. lisan al gaib. the mother and the son. it is yours. tooth of shai hulud. ancient meditation music playing men chanting in distance lisan! lisan al gaib! lisan al gaib! lisan al gaib! paul hello. you shouldn't be out here at this hour of the day. they're out here. gardener hmm. fremen pilgrims. they don't care about heatstroke. i didn't know date palms could even be found out here. gardener oh, these aren't indigenous. they can't survive without me. each one of these drinks every day the equivalent of five men. twenty palm trees. a hundred lives. should we remove them? save the water? no, no, no. these are sacred. old dream. narrator over speakers the largest and most dangerous organism on arrakis is the sandworm, capable of reaching meters in length. to avoid making rhythmic noises, which attract the sandworms, the fremen cross desert spaces using the sandwalk, a dance like motion with irregular rhythm which emulates the natural sounds of the desert. what scant plant life exists on arrakis is thanks to the fremen, who have cultivated deep rooted terranic plants such as saguaro, burrobush, sand verbena and incense bush. the shepherd's tree has the deepest documented roots, stretching more than feet deep. these plants cling to life in a parched, nutrient poor landscape. slow suspenseful music playing music building up both gasp paul it's a hunter seeker. the operator must be nearby. dramatic music playing thufir the harkonnen agent was cemented into that hole six weeks ago. ran the hunter seeker through a water pipe inside the walls. sire, i failed you today. there's no excuse. you have my resignation. you would deprive us of your talents at this time? sire, my honor demands. they tried to take the life of my son! i don't give a damn about your honor. you want absolution? go catch some spies. your grace. mohiam the thing must leave. man you can speak without fear. our pet doesn't understand your language. mohiam in distorted voice get out. normal voice it understands. activate silence. low, muffled speech mohiam it must never be known. vladimir there's no satellites over arrakis. the atreides will die in the dark. mohiam on that matter, duke leto atreides means nothing to our order. but his wife is under our protection and by extension, her son. allow them the dignity of exile. sighs house harkonnen would never dream of violating the sanctity of your order. i give you my word. we will not harm them. if the duke's son lives. no atreides will live. my lord, you gave your word to the witch. she sees too much. i said i would not harm them. and i shall not. but arrakis is arrakis. and the desert takes the weak. my desert. sinister music playing my arrakis. my dune. gurney your first strategy meeting. paul atreides, who catches hunter seekers in his bare hands like a hero of old. laughter whispers thanks for the humiliation, old man. gotta keep an eye on you. attention! let's get started. thufir. operations. i secured a copy of the harkonnens' account books. men murmuring the harkonnens were taking billion solaris out of here every year. they shall suck of the abundance of the seas, and the treasure hid in the sand. thufir we won't see profits like that for a while. not with the equipment they left us. how bad is it? thufir these are spice silos. we're meant to fill every crate. paul all of them? every standard days. harkonnen sabotage slows us down. paul but who's meant to arbitrate? isn't there a judge of the change to oversee the transition? who did the emperor appoint? dr. liet kynes. imperial ecologist. been here years. eccentric, from what i'm told. i want to see these harvesting fields myself. i wouldn't recommend it, my lord. have this judge of the change accompany us. a meeting's long overdue. and we'll get a bit of imperial protection. a hostage. chuckles i love it. hmm. engine roaring he's here, my lord. duncan well wishing in chakobsa in english take care of them. they are friends. paul duncan! duncan ah! my boy! both laughing i swear you're getting taller. paul well, you smell much worse. for four weeks, i lived with the fremen. hidden in the desert, in a community called a sietch. stilgar, the leader of that sietch, has come with me to meet you, sire. this sietch, how is it hidden? it's underground. arrakis is filled with caverns. how big was the place? i'd say , people. and there are hundreds of sietches. millions of fremen. you were right. the harkonnen estimate was , on the whole planet. the fremen watched me search for them for days. i never saw them. finally, they sent a warrior out to kill me. and i gotta tell you, i have never come so close to dying. there's no finer fighter in the imperium. they fight like demons. desert power. duncan. well done. thank you, my lord. man sire. their leader has a knife he won't surrender, sire. it's a crysknife. it's sacred to his people. let him pass. gurney stop there. hey! hey! mm. leto stilgar. welcome. sir, i respect the personal dignity of any man that respects mine. inhales deeply stilgar hmm. inhales deeply duncan hold. clears throat thank you, stilgar, for the gift of your body's moisture. we accept it in the spirit in which it was given. leto snorts leto i'm glad you've come. i believe your people and mine have much to offer one another. no, no, you are outworlders. you come here for the spice, you take it, giving nothing in return. that's true. i know you've suffered at the hands of the harkonnen. name what you want. if it's in my power to grant, i'll give it and ask for nothing. mm. i ask for this. do not seek our sietches. do not trespass in our lands. the desert was ours long before you came. so, come and dig your spice, but when you have it, go back to this side of the shield wall and leave the desert to the fremen. you will address the duke as my lord or sire. leto gurney, just. just a moment. the emperor has given me arrakis as my fief to rule and protect. i cannot promise not to travel into the desert if duty compels me. but your sietches will be yours forever. and you will never be hunted while i govern here. that's very honorable. i must go. that's all i have to say to you. paul won't you stay? we would honor you. honor requires that i be elsewhere. speaking chakobsa i don't like him. our plan bears fruit. but it will take time? yes. it will take time. here, this is for you. it's a paracompass. the moons here have a magnetic field, so. a simple compass needle won't point north. takes a clever piece of clockwork to sort it out. paul the fremen make these? and stillsuits, and sand compactors, and all kinds of ingenious things. gurney what the hell is a sand compactor? duncan that's a sand compactor. all chuckle my god, man, you've gone native. you admire them. i do. they're fierce but loyal. they're attuned to the desert. part of it. it's part of them. you wait till you see it. it's beautiful out there. announcer sunrise warning, all workers. temperature today will reach degrees. we are currently degrees, and in minutes, we will hit degrees. last warning call. dramatic music playing dramatic music continues the judge of the change, sire. dr. liet kynes. my lord duke. welcome to arrakis. paul you're the imperial ecologist. thank you for the stillsuits. they are of fremen make. the best. with your permission, sire, i must check the integrity of your suit. leto whoa. it's all right. it's all right. chuckles lightly dr. kynes, we're in your hands. a stillsuit is a high efficiency filtration system. even this early in the morning, you wouldn't survive two hours without one of these. it cools the body and recycles the water lost to sweat. your body's movements provide the power. inside the mask, you'll find a tube to allow you to drink the recycled water. leto mm. in good working order, your suit won't lose more than a thimbleful of water a day. leto most impressive. let's have a look at you, lad. you've. worn a stillsuit before? no, this is my first time. your desert boots are fitted slip fashion at the ankles. who taught you to do that? it seemed the right way. speaking chakobsa in english are you fremen? i am accepted in both sietch and village. now, come and see the spice sands on which your livelihood depends. dramatic music playing what would you do if your ornithopter went down out here? you wouldn't want to go down out there. it's worm territory. dust cloud. leto i see it. that's one of your harvesters. dramatic music continues machinery clunking dr. kynes you can see the spice scattered over the surface. a rich spice bed by the color. if you get a little higher, you'll have a better view. you see these spotter aircraft looking for wormsign. paul wormsign? a sand wave moving toward the crawler. worms travel deep but get closer to the surface when they attack. if you are patient, we should see one. a worm always comes? always. they're drawn by rhythmic noises. why don't we just shield the crawlers? a shield's a death sentence in the desert. it attracts the worms and drives them into a killing frenzy. is that a worm? dr. kynes big one. you have good eyes. calling crawler delta ajax niner. wormsign warning. acknowledge. crawler over radio who calls delta ajax niner? over. they seem pretty calm about it. dr. kynes unlisted flight. imperium business. wormsign north and east of you. . kilometers. spotter over radio delta ajax niner, this is spotter one. wormsign confirmed. stand by for contact fix. worm is on intercept course to your position. contact in five minutes. so, what happens now? they'll call a carryall to lift the crawler. they'll harvest right up to the last minute. crawler calling carryall alpha zero. ready for docking sequence. contact five minutes. over. spotter anybody got a visual on the carryall? dr. kynes there it is. carryall over radio this is carryall alpha zero to delta ajax niner. approaching from your east. correcting altitude and preparing docking equipment. crawler copy, alpha zero. initiating docking sequence. carryall t . man copy that. crawler prepare to be airborne in seconds. carryall docking sequence initiated. brace yourselves. explosion man alpha zero, we're short one point of contact. crawler what is going on? carryall it's one of the anchors. it's dead. dr. kynes shit. carryall carryall unable to receive. unable to lift without that anchor. crawler all call! all call! any carryall in the sector, please respond! spotter one, give us an update. over. carryall hydraulics are dead. we won't make it. you have to evacuate. announcer over radio contact in four minutes. crawler try it again! how many men on that crawler? crew of . leto our ships can take six each. that's still three short. we'll find a way. over radio this is duke leto atreides. we're coming down to extract the crew of delta ajax niner. we'll set down on the west. shield generators weigh kilos each. yes, gurney, have our escorts throw out the shield generators. gurney yes, sire. leto and, paul, i want you at the back of the thopter. guide them in. delta ajax niner, put seven men each in my ships now. suspenseful music playing ethereal music playing machinery clanking announcer over radio contact in two minutes. indistinct radio chatter spotter getting close, guys. we better abandon ship now. indistinct radio chatter where are they? crawler sir, there's protocol for a reason. if we take one step out there, we're as good as dead. besides, we've got a full load of spice. we can't just leave it. damn the spice! i want every man off that crawler now! tense music playing hey! hey! seven over here, seven over there. go! go! go! tense music stops ethereal music playing eerie voices murmur eerie voices kwisatz haderach. eerie voices murmuring indistinctly kwisatz haderach awakes. tense music playing gurney hurry! get on! men shout hurriedly dr. kynes it's here! leto paul! paul! quietly i recognize your footsteps, old man. get up! let's go! what's the matter with you? come on! let's go! run! tense music continues grunting gurney hey! bless the maker and his water. bless the coming and going of him. may his passage cleanse the world and keep the world for his people. sandworm roars hey! you cannot take such risks. paul yes, sir. you have responsibilities. i. i'm sorry, sir. it won't happen again. go. dr. kynes. you saw it. with your own eyes. it's plain to see. everything they've left us is in shambles. we've been set up to fail. that carryall was just old. the desert isn't kind to equipment. you know what will happen if i don't get spice production back on track. scoffs i'm not here to take your part. arrakis has seen men like you come and go. take good care of your family. the desert's not kind to humans either. spice is a psychoactive chemical. you seem to be sensitive. you'll be fine. thank you, dr. yueh. that wasn't an allergic reaction. i had a vision. my eyes were wide open. what did you see? eerie ethereal music playing eerie voices kwisatz haderach. you can see. paul it's confusing. i thought i saw my death, only it wasn't. i know a knife is important, somehow. someone will hand me a blade, but i don't know who, or when, or where. some things, though, are crystal clear. i can feel it. i know you're pregnant. you can't know that. i barely know that. it's only been a few weeks. priest throat singing in sardaukar bashar speaking sardaukar piter in english atreides legions are the finest in the imperium. trained by gurney halleck and duncan idaho. speaking sardaukar in english just so. three battalions. as agreed. continues throat singing all grunt speaking sardaukar whimpering crying softly there is something you need to know about paul. leto no. don't think i want to know. ever since you brought him before your reverend mother, he hasn't been the same. he's distracted. jessica, you gave me a son. and from the moment he was born, i never questioned you. i trusted you completely. even when you walked in shadows. now i'm asking you this one thing. if anything happens. will you protect our son? with my life. i'm not asking his mother. i'm asking the bene gesserit. will you protect paul? why are you having these thoughts? leto, this is not you. i thought we'd have more time. dr. yueh have a good night, master paul. paul good night, dr. yueh. lady jessica you need to sleep. no. not like that. leto sighs deeply i should have married you. footsteps weapon firing guards groaning wheezing shield powering down low tense music playing soft grunt softly hawat. security. normal tone security. device beeps choking stifled grunt dart fires shield crackling groaning tense music playing whimpers lieutenant sir. sir. the shield's come down. alarm blaring soldiers clamoring gurney god in heaven. get everything with guns off the ground! go! soldiers shouting dramatic music playing missile whistles go! go! go! soldiers screaming missile whistles grunting groans with me! with me! soldiers yelling dramatic music continues marching footsteps lieutenant atreides! guards atreides! all grunting in unison synchronized grunting all grunting atreides guard sardaukar! atreides guard sardaukar! groaning i'm sorry, my lord. but i've made a bargain with the baron. leto breathing raggedly why? i had no choice. the harkonnens have my wife, wanna. they take her apart like a doll. i will buy her freedom. and you are the price. for paul. i will do what i can. and you will kill a man for me. i'm going to replace your peg tooth. if you bite down hard, this tooth will crush. breathe out, and you will fill the air with poison. it will be your last breath. but if you choose your moment well, it will also be the baron's. tense music playing yelling soldiers speak indistinctly soldier groans grunts paul. door closes trooper speaking harkonnen trooper speaking trooper speaking in sign language all grunting duncan to hell, dogs! grunts alarm beeping trooper in english i've never had a highborn. you? bene gesserit ain't all highborn. trooper she's highborn enough for me. let's feed the kid to the worms. and give her a long goodbye. don't you dare touch my mother. don't talk. in sign language paul sighs sternly remove her gag. retches trooper shut up. in sign language panting trooper speaking harkonnen paul breathing deeply in distorted voice remove her gag. in distorted voice kill him. in distorted voice set us free. speaking harkonnen trooper groans lady jessica grunting in distorted voice stop! cut the rope. give me the knife. stabs grunts in normal voice your pitch was too forced. paul it's a fremkit. man speaks harkonnen over radio engine shuts off they've crippled the ship. distant explosions gasping sighs explosions continue wheezing softly man mmm. vladimir grunts softly cutlery clinking vladimir grunts ah. munching you have a wonderful kitchen, cousin. wind howling paul grunts this is dr. yueh's handwriting. if anyone makes it out of arrakeen alive, there's an atreides beacon in the fremkit. god willing, they'll be able to find you. wheezing weakly my lord baron. dr. yueh. vladimir the traitor. what do you want? i jammed their comms and lowered their shields. vladimir hmm. dr. yueh i delivered the duke and his family. vladimir the bargain to the letter. and what was i to do for you? deliver my wife from her agony. vladimir yes. slow sinister music playing chewing loudly i said i'd set her free. that you could join her. dr. yueh grunts so, join her. knife slices body thuds what do you think is next? paul it's a thumper. no stillsuits. the one thing we actually need. for hundreds of years, we've traded blood for blood. but no more. your son is dead. your concubine is dead. tonight the house of atreides falls. and your bloodline ends forever. leto mumbling what did you say? softly here i am. here i remain. tooth crunches exhales forcefully gasping dramatic music playing piter coughs cries softly soft music playing dramatic lamentation music playing engine roaring in distance duncan kynes! it's not safe for you here. duncan will you tell the great houses of the landsraad how we were betrayed? how the best of them were murdered? i am commanded to say nothing. to see nothing. the emperor sent us here to die. lamentation music continues man choking strained breathing coughing paul there's spice in the tent. coughing clears throat slow dramatic music playing voices whispering indistinctly soldiers clamoring panting slow ominous music playing that's the future. it's coming. ominous music continues holy war spreading across the universe like unquenchable fire. voices continue whispering thunder rumbling paul, you're scared. i can see it. tell me, please, what do you fear? voices continue whispering somebody help me, please. paul. it's coming. i see a holy war spreading across the universe like unquenchable fire. a warrior religion that waves the atreides banner in my father's name. lady jessica paul. fanatical legions worshipping at the shrine of my father's skull. a war in my name! everyone's shouting my name! paul. paul atreides. you are your father's son. you are my son. you are the duke paul atreides. you know who you are. you know who you are. in distorted voice get off me! normal voice you did this to me! you bene gesserit made me a freak! breathing heavily paul crying my father is dead. paul sobbing mournful music playing device beeping paul softly someone's near. you need to drink. it's recycled water from the tent. sweat and tears. all right, let's get out of here. device whirring shield buzzing shield buzzing squeaks whimpers muffled whirring grunting and panting squeaks paul grunts lady jessica panting engine roaring that's duncan. duncan. panting my lady. paul. i'm so sorry. your father. we know. my lord duke. here. drink this. duncan harkonnens hit every population center on the planet at once. there must have been legions, hundreds of ships. there were sardaukar with them. at least two battalions. what? are you sure? you cross swords with a sardaukar, you know it. lady jessica sighs so, the emperor's taken a side. what says the judge of the change? the emperor forbids me from saying anything at all. and yet you risk your life to help us. thunder rumbling man shouting thunder continues rumbling clamoring worker storm's coming. workers shouting indistinctly dr. kynes the storm will be here in a few hours. we'll be safe here. do you know what this place is? it's an old ecological testing station. they were meant to tame the planet. free the water locked beneath the sands. arrakis could have been a paradise. the work had begun, but then the spice was discovered. and suddenly no one wanted the desert to go away. tanat, will you find stillsuits to fit our visitors? tanat yes, liet. dr. kynes shamir, a coffee service, please. shamir of course, liet. door unlocks who are you to the fremen? indistinct chatter wind howling paul you know what the great houses fear most, dr. kynes? exactly what has happened to us here. the sardaukar coming and picking them off one by one. only together can they stand a chance against the imperium. would you bear witness? testify that the emperor has moved against us here? if they believe me, there would be general warfare between the great houses and the emperor. chaos across the imperium. suppose i presented the emperor with an alternative to chaos. the emperor has no sons. and his daughters have yet to marry. you'd make a play for the throne? the emperor feared the atreides. he brought you here to kill you. what don't you understand? you're a lost boy hiding in a hole in the ground. the fremen speak of the lisan al gaib. careful. the voice from the outer world who will lead them to paradise. superstition. i know you loved a fremen warrior and lost him in battle. i know you walk in two worlds and are known by many names. i've seen your dream. as emperor, dr. kynes, i could make a paradise of arrakis with a wave of my hand. man speaking chakobsa man shushing soldier speaking sardaukar explosions all grunting blades slicing groaning muffled thudding suspenseful music playing sardaukar! no! duncan! lady jessica paul, no! paul duncan, no! lady jessica no! paul no! lady jessica paul, no! paul duncan, no! he's locked the door. paul duncan! no! slow choral music playing all grunting tense music playing duncan groans soldier speaks sardaukar shield crackling he's gone. paul duncan! we have to go. we have no choice. tense music continues laser firing lady jessica paul, go! paul! duncan yelling dr. kynes come on. come on, come on! shield buzzing speaks sardaukar tense music continues panting follow the light. you'll find a thopter ready to fly. that storm out there is your best shot. above , meters, it's mostly dust. climb into it. stay on top. head south. find the fremen. are you not coming with us? it only seats two. i'll go to the next station and report this attack to the landsraad. lady jessica how? i'm fremen. the desert's my home. good luck. paul good luck. dramatic tense music playing switches clicking engine sputtering engine rumbles engine starts blade stabs blade retracts groans dramatic lamentation music playing assassin speaking sardaukar in english i serve only one master. his name is shai hulud. pounding rhythmically speaks sardaukar assassin grunts assassins grunting grunts panicked chatter sandworm roars assassins screaming switches click ominous music playing there are jet flares behind us. lady jessica grunting alarm wailing engine accelerating paul. we're not high enough! missile whistling metal rattling explosion metallic clanking paul gasps clanking continues metal squeaks engine rumbling metal rattling i must not fear. fear is the mind killer. fear is the little death that brings obliteration. rumbling and clanking stop voices whispering see the friend. see the friend. jamis the mystery of life isn't a problem to solve. but a reality to experience. a process that cannot be understood by stopping it. we must move with the flow of the process. we must join it. we must flow with it. voices let go. let go. switches click engine humming bubbling servant speaking harkonnen water bubbling breathes heavily in english we chased them into a coriolis storm. winds at kilometers an hour. nothing survives such a storm. they're dead. it's a certainty. grunts so, it's done. finally. send word to giedi prime to begin selling our spice reserves. but slowly. we don't want the price to fall. you have no idea how much it cost me to bring such a force to bear here. now i only have one requirement. income. so, squeeze, rabban. squeeze hard. yes, uncle. and the fremen? kill them all. wind gusting alarm beeping rapidly paul we're above , meters. engine roars exhales sharply ornithopter rattling paul grunting engine roaring alarm beeping rapidly sputtering metallic rattling gasping gasps alarm continues beeping switches click alarm stops beeping soft rattling wind whistling rattling both gasping engine whines paul as soon as we land, run for the rocks. engine accelerates lady jessica whimpering engine roaring both panting and breathe through this. rumbling paul over mask now we have to find the fremen. are you good? lady jessica yeah. slow suspenseful music playing voices echoing paul. don't be frightened. girl even a little desert mouse can survive. voices don't be frightened. girl you'll need to face your fears. voices a friend. a friend will help you. follow the friend. jamis you have much to learn. and i will show you the ways of the desert. come with me. mysterious music playing paul the sietch where duncan lived is somewhere off that way. lady jessica i can see greenery over there. there. paul that means fremen live there. we'll cross after dark. that's how the fremen do it. paul we're about to enter worm territory. we can't walk like regular humans. if we do, we're dead. we'll have to walk like the fremen do. it's called a sandwalk. at least according to the filmbooks back home. lady jessica yeah. yeah, okay. paul okay. follow me. do the same moves. compass ticking i think this is the right direction. both grunting panting distant rumbling rumbling fades paul it's close by. let's get out of here. thuds wait. hollow thudding it's drum sand. wind gusting gasps paul run. tense music playing lady jessica go! go! grunts whimpering rumbling stops panting sandworm moans gasping rhythmic thumping thumping stops soft rhythmic thumping paul it's a thumper. someone set off a thumper. thumping fades rhythmic thumping thumping stops lady jessica paul! run! both panting how big are they? that was insane. groans someone called it. lady jasmine pants in sign language pebble clatters footsteps stilgar over mask do not run. you will only waste your body's water. hold. stilgar. blade rustles hey! you know me. i was there when you came to my father's council. stilgar oh. this is the duke's son. jamis why are you waiting? we need their water. stilgar this is the boy i told you about. we can't touch him. woman speaking fremen jamis in english they are weaklings. stilgar jamis. that was a brave crossing they made in the path of shai hulud. he does not speak or act like a weakling. nor did his father. jamis my thumper saved his life. go back to reason, stilgar. he's not the one. sighs we have powerful friends. you help us off world, to caladan, you will be well rewarded. what wealth can you offer beyond the water in your flesh? stilgar hmm. the boy is young. he can learn our ways. he may have sanctuary. but the woman is untrained. and too old to learn. low tense music playing sniffles grunting groans both grunt stilgar back, you dogs. she'll cut my throat. why didn't you say you were a weirding woman? and a fighter? conversation ran short. stilgar peace, woman. peace. i judged hastily. sniffs stilgar grunts speaking chakobsa girl in english i would not have let you hurt my friends. they say you're the mahdi. but you look like a little boy. you chose the hardest way up. follow me. stilgar speaking chakobsa in english give it to me. you will have your own maula pistol when you've earned it. give it to me. chani, take charge of the newcomers. see that they are safe on the journey. let's go. jamis i will not have them. stilgar jamis, i have spoken. be still. jamis you talk like a leader. but the strongest leads. she bested you. i invoke the amtal. stilgar you may not challenge a sayyadina. then who will fight in her name? jamis, don't do this. don't. the night is fading. then the sun will witness this death. where is her champion? i accept her champion. slow dramatic music playing grunting voices paul atreides must die. for kwisatz haderach to rise. don't be frightened. don't resist. when you take a life, you take your own. moans breathing heavily i don't believe you're the lisan al gaib. but i want you to die with honor. this crysknife was given to me by my great aunt. it's made from a tooth of shai hulud. the great sandworm. this will be a great honor, for you to die holding it. jamis shouts where is the outworlder? jamis is a good fighter. he won't let you suffer. chani. um. scoffs never mind. slow dramatic music continues may thy knife chip and shatter. you should welcome my blade. this world will kill you. quicker this way. spectators speak chakobsa in unison man speaks chakobsa jamis grunting breathing heavily do you yield? spectators exclaim stilgar speaking chakobsa stilgar in english the boy doesn't know our rule. yells there's no yielding under the amtal rule. only death is the test of it. jamis yelling both grunting is he toying with him? no. paul has never killed a man. both grunt yelling dramatic lamentation music playing voices kwisatz haderach. yelling kwisatz haderach. climb up. rise. stabs grunts jamis groaning mournful music playing mournful music continues speaking chakobsa in english you're one of us now. a life for a life. come with us to sietch tabr. no. paul needs to get off world. you must have ways. you have smugglers, you have ships. paul no. lady jessica you have. the emperor sent us to this place. and my father came, not for spice, not for the riches, but for the strength of your people. my road leads into the desert. i can see it. if you'll have us, we will come. slow dramatic music playing desert power. this is only the beginning. encoded by doc ramen hakata ramen encodes https discord