yify torrents.com. the best p p d movies with the lowest file size on the internet. come say hi! world of warcraft eu stormscale torporr, terenas bokutox i have a dream a song to sing to help me cope with anything if you see the wonder of a fairy tale you can take the future even if you fail. sam carmichael. bill anderson. harry bright. gentlemen, i have to go. thank you very much. take care. morning, rodney. taxi! jfk, please, as quick as you can. oh, my god! oh, my god! i missed you. oh, no. we're. we're. sophie, ali, lisa! we're the greatest, bestest mates! i'm tough. i'm tall. i'm tiny. and we're gonna rock this place. sophie, it's beautiful. i want one. he did well, didn't he? i'm getting married tomorrow. i'm so glad you're here, because i have a secret and i can't tell anybody else. sophie, you're knocked up? no! no! no! i've invited my dad to my wedding. you are joking! you found him at last? no! no, no, no, no, no, not exactly. okay. you know what my mom always said when i asked about my father. it was a summer romance, and he'd gone long before she realised that she was expecting me. and i'd always kind of accepted that that's all i'd ever know. well, i was ransacking some old trunks and i found this. it's the diary she kept the year she was pregnant with me. sophie! july th. what a night! i don't know if i want to hear this! i do! sam rowed me over to the little island. that's here. that's kalokairi. we danced on the beach, and we kissed on the beach, and dot, dot, dot. what? dot, dot, dot. that's what they did in the olden days. stop it! sam's the one. i know he is. i've never felt like this before. honey honey honey, honey how he thrills me honey, honey honey, honey nearly kills me honey, honey i've heard about him before i wanted to know some more and now i know what they mean he's a love machine oh, he makes me dizzy honey, honey let me feel it honey, honey honey, honey don't conceal it honey, honey the way that you kiss good night the way that you kiss me good night the way that you hold me tight the way that you're holding me tight i feel like i wanna sing when you do your thing so this guy sam's your father! the plot thickens. all this time, sam's been telling me he loves me, and now he's announced that he's engaged, so he's gone home to get married, and i'm never going to see him again. poor donna. august th. what a night! bill rented a motorboat, and i took him over to the little island. bill? sophie, wait. hang on. though i'm still obsessed with sam, bill's so wild. he's such a funny guy. one thing led to another, and dot, dot, dot. august th. harry turned up, out of the blue, so i said i'd show him the island. he's so sweet and understanding, i couldn't help it and dot, dot, dot! dot, dot, dot! oh, my god! here come the bridesmaids. donna! look at you! god! stop growing! you sound like you're having fun already. oh, we are. i used to have fun. oh, we know! honey, honey touch me, baby honey, honey honey, honey hold me, baby honey, honey you look like a movie star but i love just who you are and, honey, to say the least you're a doggone beast bugger! my sentiments exactly. so, who is your dad? sam, bill or harry? i don't know. but which one did you invite? oh, my god! oh, my god! do they know? what would you write to a total stranger? please come to my wedding, you might be my father ? no. they think that mom sent the invites, and with what's in here, no surprise they said yes! honey, honey how you thrill me honey, honey honey, honey nearly kill me honey, honey i'd heard about you before i wanted to know some more and now i'm about to see what you mean to me i'm trying to get to kalokairi. when's the next ferry? what? monday. bollocks! yeah, my sentiments exactly. bride or groom? bride, although i've actually never met her. ahoy, there. you guys need a ride to kalokairi? excuse me, coming through. i have a senior citizen with me. thank you. my mother needs a perch. mother? we're the same age. yeah. well, parts of us are. sailor. no. oh, he has your book! oh. stavros, stavros. stavros. it's just a fish. you are so clever. we're going to look fabulous tomorrow. i want the perfect wedding, and i want my father to give me away. better be a wide aisle. i will know my father as soon as i see him. sky! come here, gorgeous. put me down. i'm getting married tomorrow. please be careful. so? there are pins in the dresses. what do you think? oh, yes! oh, yes. if you had your way, it'd be a three minute wedding in jeans and t shirts, washed down with a bottle of beer. you make me sound so unromantic! i just thought we should save our money for travelling. well, we're not going anywhere yet. anyway, please leave. we're very, very busy. i'm just getting some props for tonight. ooh! for his bachelor party. why haven't you told him you've invited your dads? because he would say that i'd have to tell my mom. donna's absolutely gonna kill you when she finds out. by the time she finds out, it'll be too late. i feel like there's a part of me missing, and when i meet my dad, everything will fall into place. more open! i'm on it. i'm on it. that's good. that's it. come on, cleopatra. my shoe! will you look at what the tide washed in? for one night. and one night only. donna and the dynamos! donna and the dynamos! look at you! you baby! look at you! you look fantastic! you look like an old hippie! she looks fab. these are new, though. where did you get these? husband number three! dynamos! dynamite! dynamos! dynamite! sleep all day and. all night! so, any men at this wedding? gorgeous greeks of independent means? here we go! husband number four! no! not for me, for her! he's coming! for her, now that her book is a bestseller, and she's got the whole world stuffing, what, mushrooms? various vegetables? it's time to find mr right! oh, please. boring! great couple of role models you two are for sophie! a serial bride and a little hermit over here! that's me! i'm a lone wolf! so, when are the lovebirds flying the nest? oh, god! who knows? you know, i do not know what is going on in that child's head sometimes. she wants a big white wedding, and she and sky are making all kinds of plans for the hotel. sometimes i think they'll never leave. yeah, but do you really want her to? well, i want what's best for her. of course not! sky! come meet my backup girls. backup girls, my ass! backup girls, my ass! he's the leading man at tomorrow's shindig. the lucky man. hello. you must be rosie. i am. how are you? very well. and you must be tanya. i've heard so much about you. all bad, i hope. yes. and all true. donna. here, let me get them. i know who you are. you're bill anderson, aren't you? bloke in a boat in botswana. yes, i am. you know, your books are a godsend on dull business trips. now, i may look like i'm pondering my securities, but in reality, i'm trekking across some remote corner of the planet. you should try it for real sometime. no, certainly, i'll never be the spontaneous adventurer. you're a close friend of donna's? no, i haven't heard from her for years. really? and then this invite, out of the blue. you know, that's a coincidence, neither had i. going about! you got it! right. wait. i've got it. fine. fine. you should have brought the iron lung. why did i wear stilettos? oxygen. oh, my god! auntie rosie! hey, hey! look at sophie. she's gotten so beautiful! i know. come here to me. sophie sheridan, you get more gorgeous every time i see you. you do. i bet you don't remember me. not with all that plastic surgery. of course i do, auntie tanya. you haven't changed at all. i'm so happy for you. look at my baby, her whole life ahead of her. oh, please, i'm getting married. i'm not joining a convent! she's feisty. i love that. yeah. she's a chip off the old block. if she were more like me, she wouldn't be getting married at . or married at all. i meant to get the laundry down before you came. tanya's going home! and you'd think with all this new technology, they would figure out a machine that would make the beds. and if they did, you'd be going along behind it, making them again. i know you, mom. but i am good at modern. tell them about the internets. he's gonna put me on the line. online. i'm designing a website. i just think this place has so much potential, and no one knows we're here. so, if i market it really, really well, then, hopefully, people will come flooding in. we just want this to be the ultimate romantic destination. this was once supposed to be the site of aphrodite's fountain, you know, the goddess of love. and if you drank the water, you were supposed to find true love and perfect happiness. i'll have a glass of that. yeah, i'll have a bucket. aphrodite's spa? well, i thought you didn't want boatloads of tourists. oh, no, not boatloads, no. but, you know, a few more would be nice. okay, now, the thing about the toilet, if it doesn't flush right away, just go and come back in a while, and it should. nothing works around here, except for me. i've been running this hotel for years, and i have never had a day off. oh, my god! sorry. money, money, money i work all night i work all day to pay the bills i have to pay ain't it sad? and still there never seems to be a single penny left for me don't sit down there. that's too bad it's broken. in my dreams i have a plan if i got me a wealthy man i wouldn't have to work at all i'd fool around and have a ball money, money, money must be funny in a rich man's world money, money, money always sunny in a rich man's world all the things i could do if i had a little money it's a rich man's world it's a rich man's world a man like that is hard to find but i can't get him off my mind ain't it sad? and if he happens to be free i bet he wouldn't fancy me that's too bad so i must leave i have to go to las vegas or monaco and win a fortune in a game my life will never be the same money, money, money must be funny in a rich man's world money, money, money always sunny in a rich man's world all the things i could do if i had a little money it's a rich man's world money, money, money must be funny in a rich man's world money, money, money always sunny in a rich man's world all the things i could do if i had a little money it's a rich man's world it's a rich man's world what's going on? do you feel it? the earth moved, darling. we're falling apart here. don't think about it, come on. let's go have fun. tanya's packed for a world tour. oh, donna. donna! does she wear it or floss with it? floss you. is it edible, tanya? listen to this. the world's most luxurious moisturiser contains flakes of carat gold and extracts of donkey testicle. you're just jealous. at a thousand dollars a dollop. tell you, that's the price you have to pay if you wanna drink before in the morning. and we do. we do. hi. may i help you? sure, we're here for the wedding. i'm bill anderson. huh? i'm bright, harry bright. sam carmichael. you are expecting us? oh, my god. yes! you're not donna's daughter? i thought you looked familiar. sofia. it's sophie. well, sofia is the greek. well, i'm named after a sofia. i used to have a great aunt living on the mainland named sofia. would you mind if we see our rooms before we see your mother? sure. it's just that i'd quite like to freshen up before the big reunion. no! no! i mean, yes, but come this way. come on! oh, my god! i got a crack in my courtyard. i gotta go fix it. hey, listen, donna? donna. i'm serious. move. sit down! she won't let me go! i know. i know you're going to make a fortune with web's. with web's. with sky's site. i know you're gonna make a fortune with sky's website, but. it's good. are you gonna be okay until then? i think tanya is offering to pawn her bling. no, seriously, donna. oh, my god. do you need a loan? no, sweet. oh, god, i'm just whining, you know me. i don't need to be taken care of. yeah, but are you being taken care of? what do you mean? are you getting any? oh, you mean. down, boy, down, boy. no, it takes too much energy. yeah. just more plumbing to be maintained, isn't it? yeah. oh, god, i'm so glad that whole part of my life is over. you know, seriously. i do not miss it at all. then it's just right here. good. where's donna? hey! okay. up you go. hmm. you know, i don't want to seem ungrateful for the scenic tour, but might i be shown my room now? well, don't hold your breath, harry, but i think this is your room. can we see donna now? i sent the invites. my mom doesn't know anything. well, she's done so much for me, and she's always talking about you guys and the good old days, and i thought, what an amazing surprise for her that you are all gonna be at my wedding. hang on, sophie. i can't be here. the last time i saw your mother, she said she never wanted to see me again. that was years ago. please, it would mean a lot to me. why? listen, i can see that you've been to a great deal of trouble. might i suggest that we all reconvene on your boat? good idea. nope. why? it's an adventure, harry. it's good for you. oh, i see. okay, when i sent the invites, it was a long shot that you'd even reply. and now you've come all this way for a wedding. surely there must have been some special reason for you to be here. like some siren call, maybe? you're a little minx, you know that? you're just like your mother. i'm glad my boys haven't met you. they'd never recover. you have sons? yes, two. and someday, i'd like to bring them here. like you used to bring my mother? no. it's donna. no, no, no, no, no, no, no. listen, listen, she can't know. i'm going to go. please stay. promise me that you'll not tell anybody that i invited you. okay? promise? you got it, baby. it's a promise. i might regret it, but okay. okay. there wouldn't, by any chance, happen to be a trouser press on the island, would there? harry? bill? mamma mia i was cheated by you and i think you know when so i made up my mind it must come to an end look at me now will i ever learn? i don't know how but i suddenly lose control there's a fire within my soul just one look and i can hear a bell ring one more look and i forget everything mamma mia here i go again my, my how can i resist you? mamma mia does it show again? my, my just how much i've missed you yes, i've been broken hearted blue since the day we parted why, why did i ever let you go? mamma mia now i really know my, my i should not have let you go i was angry and sad when i knew we were through i can't count all the times i have cried over you look at me now will i ever learn? i don't know how but i suddenly lose control there's a fire within my soul just one look and i can hear a bell ring one more look and i forget everything mamma mia here i go again my, my how can i resist you? mamma mia does it show again? my, my just how much i've missed you yes, i've been broken hearted blue since the day we parted why, why did i ever let you go? mamma mia now i really know my, my i should not have let you go you always knew how to make an entrance. i'd better be dreaming. you'd better not be here. you want me to pinch you, donna? no! you keep your hands to yourself, bill anderson. you probably don't recognise me, do you? harry! it is you! i probably changed a bit, but you certainly haven't. why are you here? what are you doing here? i'm writing a travel piece. i'm here on a spontaneous holiday. uh huh. i just dropped in to say hi. okay. what is this? it's one of those serendipitous moments in life when three complete strangers share a common thought. strangers? you don't know each other? that's generally the definition. okay, good, but who. why are you here? who said that you could stay up in my old goat house? didn't catch the name. greek lady. well, she spoke greek. yeah. or maybe she said we couldn't stay in the old goat house. yeah, maybe that was it, in greek. there you go. yeah, that's it, that's it. you can't stay here because i'm closed and i'm full. and i'm busy, i'm really. i have a wedding, my. local girl's getting married. donna. donna, don't worry about us. bill here is used to roughing it. and harry here. i'm spontaneous. spontaneous. ah. what about you? just wanted to see the island. you know what it meant to me. okay, i'm gonna arrange for a boat to take you all back to the mainland. i have a boat, donna. you have a boat? good, get on it, and anchors away. hey, donna. away, away. it's good to see you. now, baby, this should tickle your taste buds. down, big fella. i'm old enough to be your mother. grandmother. where's sophie? i think she went down to the beach. what's up? donna? i'm sorry. i'm sorry. talk to her. chiquitita, tell me what's wrong oh, me. i have never seen such sorrow in your eyes and the wedding is tomorrow how i hate to see you like this there is no way you can deny it i can see that you're oh, so sad so quiet chiquitita, tell me the truth i'm a shoulder you can cry on your best friend i'm the one you must rely on you were always sure of yourself now i see you've broken a feather i hope we can patch it up together chiquitita, you and i know how the heartaches come and they go and the scars, they're leaving you'll be dancing once again and the pain will end you will have no time for grieving chiquitita, you and i cry but the sun is still in the sky and shining above you let me hear you sing once more like you did before sing a new song, chiquitita try once more like i did before sing a new song it's her dad. whose dad? sophie's dad. remember how i said it was sam? sam the architect, who had to go home to get married? i'm not sure that it was him, because there were two other guys around the same time. donna sheridan. you shady lady. why didn't you tell us? well, i never knew that i would ever, ever have to. i never imagined i'd see all three of them in my old goat house the day before my daughter's wedding! the old goat house? the old goat house? no! no! wait! shoot! rosie! tanya! wait a minute! don't let them hear you! there's no one here. are you sure? of course i'm sure! do you think i would forget my daughter's dads? they were all here. sam carmichael, bill anderson and harry head banger. harry head banger. they must've gone back to their boat. i hope they run aground and drown. what are they doing here? it's like some hideous trick of fate. it's very greek. do they know about sophie? what are they, psychic? no! i've never told a soul. oh, donna, keeping it to yourself all these years. it doesn't matter about me. the only thing that matters is that sophie never finds out. well, maybe she would be cool with it. cool with it ? you don't know my daughter. this would be like a bombshell. donna, they've gone! i don't know that. i don't know where they are. i don't know why they're here. and i have brought this all on myself because i was a stupid, reckless little slut! whoa! don't you sound like your mother? i do not! yes, you so do! oh, my god, i do not. you do, it's catholic guilt! you've been living like a nun. yeah, whatever happened to our donna? life and soul of the party, el rock chick supremo? yeah, come on. i grew up. well, then, grow back down again. screw them if they can't take a joke. screw them if they can't take a joke. dancing queen you can dance you can jive having the time of your life see that girl watch that scene dig in the dancing queen friday night and the lights are low looking out for a place to go where they play the right music getting in the swing you come to look for a king anybody could be that guy night is young and the music's high with a bit of rock music everything is fine you're in the mood for a dance and when you get the chance you are the dancing queen young and sweet only seventeen dancing queen feel the beat from the tambourine oh, yeah you can dance you can jive having the time of your life see that girl watch that scene dig in the dancing queen you're a teaser you turn them on leave them burning and then you're gone looking out for another anyone will do you're in the mood for a dance and when you get the chance you are the dancing queen young and sweet only seventeen dancing queen feel the beat from the tambourine oh, yeah you can dance you can jive having the time of your life see that girl watch that scene dig in the dancing queen dig in the dancing queen you can dance you can jive having the time of your life see that girl watch that scene dig in the dancing queen wait, wait. wait! hey, don't leave. whoa, sophie. sophie! we're gonna sail around the island. you wanna come? you promised you'd come to my wedding. yes, well, your mother ejected us from the goat house. she thought we'd better get out of her hair. donna freaked out when she saw us. what's all that about? no. she's just not even thinking straight. she's so stressed about the wedding. you know, but she's got no idea that you're her lovely surprise. she'll be so happy tomorrow. you think so? mmm hmm. you took mom's guitar! no, no. i borrowed it. look. no, where is it? d.s. donna sheridan. and h.b. head banger. head banger? head banger? i bought her this. it cost me ten quid plus my johnny rotten t shirt. your mother knew quite a rebel. i was studying in paris when i met her. i hopped on a train and followed her to greece, quite spontaneously. i can still recall our last summer i still see it all walks along the seine laughing in the rain our last summer memories that remain we made our way along the river and we sat down in the grass by the eiffel tower i was so happy we had met it was the age of no regret oh, yes those crazy years, that was the time of the flower power but underneath we had a fear of flying of growing old a fear of slowly dying we took a chance like we were dancing our last dance i can still recall our last summer i still see it all in the tourist jam round the notre dame our last summer walking hand in hand paris restaurants our last summer morning croissants living for the day worries far away our last summer we could laugh and play and now you're working in a bank a family man, a football fan and your name is harry how dull it seems are you the hero of my dreams? sophie! sophie! please, i have to go, but please come tomorrow, okay? absolutely. we'll be there. it's a promise. walks along the seine laughing in the rain our last summer memories that remain sky! where've you been? people have been arriving all afternoon. no one's seen you. i'm sorry, i was around the island, i just. i just lost track of time. where're you going? it's my stag do. my last night of freedom. which is how some people might see it, but for me, it's the last night before the greatest adventure of my life. you know how i said i wanted to find my father? soph, we've been over this a million times. you don't need a father, you have a family. and you'll never leave me, right? are you kidding? you have turned my world upside down. layall your lo ve on me i wasn't jealous before we met now every man that i see is a potential threat and i'm possessive it isn't nice you've heard me saying that smoking was my only vice but now it isn't true now everything is new and all i've learned has overturned i beg of you don't go wasting your emotion lay all your love on me it was like shooting a sitting duck a little small talk, a smile and, baby, i was stuck i still don't know what you've done with me a grown up woman should never fall so easily i feel a kind of fear when i don't have you near unsatisfied, i skip my pride i beg you, dear don't go wasting your emotion lay all your love on me don't go sharing your devotion lay all your love on me don't go wasting your emotion lay all your love on me don't go sharing your devotion lay all your love on me ladies and no gentlemen, presenting, for one night and one night only. because that's all we've got breath for. speak for yourself, you old bat! the world's first girl power band, donna and the dynamos. super trouper lights are gonna find me but i won't feel blue like i always do 'cause somewhere in the crowd, there's you super trouper i was sick and tired of everything when i called you last night from glasgow all i do is eat and sleep and sing wishing every show was the last show wishing every show was the last show so imagine i was glad to hear you're coming suddenly i feel all right and suddenly it's gonna be and it's gonna be so different when i'm on the stage tonight tonight the super trouper lights are gonna find me our song. your song? it's my song. smiling, having fun feeling like a number one tonight the super trouper beams are gonna blind me but i won't feel blue like i always do 'cause somewhere in the crowd, there's you so i'll be there when you arrive the sight of you will prove to me i'm still alive and when you take me in your arms and hold me tight i know it's gonna mean so much tonight tonight the super trouper lights are gonna find me shining like the sun look, look, look, look, look. smiling, having fun feeling like a number one tonight the super trouper beams are gonna blind me but i won't feel blue like i always do 'cause somewhere in the crowd, there's you super trouper lights are gonna find me i can't believe you! excuse me! hello. this is a hen party. women only! thank you. okay. why are they here, then, if it's not to ruin sophie's wedding? but i thought you weren't so keen on this wedding. i don't want them spoiling it. they have no right to turn up like this. what have they ever done for their daughter? donna, donna, they didn't know she existed. well, they didn't need to know, did they? i've done a great job with soph, all by myself, and i won't be muscled out by an ejaculation! gimme! gimme! gimme! is there a man out there? someone to hear my prayer? gimme! gimme! gimme! a man after midnight won't somebody help me chase the shadows away gimme! gimme! gimme! a man after midnight hi. hi. i think i should explain to donna that i come in peace. oh, no, really. you should wait until she has a few drinks in her first. really. good idea. good idea. what you drew on the boat. this is good. this is really good. why don't you pursue this? you have a real talent here. i have enough to do here. is that really your dream? running the villa with donna? she just can't do it by herself. do you know, i drew this whole place up on the back of a menu one night. i always dreamt i'd come back here. what kept you? what's your mother said about me? she never mentioned you. sophie? what am i doing here? some air in here. somebody up there has got it in for me. i bet it's my mother. oh, and wasn't she a ray of sunshine. i'm gonna go get them out of here. you go in there guns loaded, there's gonna be questions. help me out of these boots. come on, then. all that fricking yoga's made my feet bigger. now, listen. listen, what we're gonna do is, we'll get them plastered tonight, and then tomorrow, tanya and i will take them fishing. fishing? oh, please. what do you suggest we do with three men? well, then, now, that takes me back. gimme! gimme! gimme! a man after midnight take me through the darkness to the break of the day hello. you okay? i'm fine. fancy donna having a grown up daughter! do you have any children, harry? well, i have the dogs, lucy and kipper. that's the extent of my relationships. i'd have loved a daughter. i'd have spoiled her rotten. is your father here? i don't know. i don't know who my father is. is there a man out there? someone to hear my prayer? this is fantastic! how on earth did donna get money to buy this place? she was left some money by the old lady she looked after when i was little. sofia, that i'm named after. my great aunt sofia? i guess. i always heard her money was left to family. how old are you? i'm . will you excuse me a minute? i'm sorry. bill! bill, wait. why did your great aunt leave my mother money? i don't know! all my life, there's been this huge unanswered question, and i don't want any more secrecy! what do you want from me? bill, please! are you my father? yes. i think so. yes. you know what comes next? oh, you're not going to tell me that you have a twin sister, are you? will you give me away tomorrow? give you away? no! our secret until the wedding. cute. oh, god. okay. voulez vous people everywhere a sense of expectation hanging in the air giving out a spark across the room your eyes are glowing in the dark and here we go again we know the start, we know the end masters of the scene we've done it all before and now we're back to get some more you know what i mean voulez vous take it now or leave it now is all we get nothing promised, no regrets voulez vous ain't no big decision you know what to do la question c'est voulez vous voulez vous go dance with mom! sophie, come here. i know why i'm here. why didn't donna tell me? how long have you known i'm your father? what? not long at all. sam, listen to me. my mom doesn't know that i know. so can we wait until after my wedding? who's giving you away tomorrow? nobody. wrong. i am. our secret till then. voulez vous take it now or leave it now is all we get are you okay? i can't breathe. voulez vous ain't no big decision you know what to do la question c'est voulez vous voulez vous oh, my god! i'm your father! harry! now, that's why you sent me the invite. you wanted your old dad to walk you down the aisle. well, i won't let you down. i'll be there. voulez vous take it now or leave it now is all we get nothing promised, no regrets voulez vous ain't no big decision you know what to do la question c'est voulez vous for the wedding. upside down. fancy donna having a. i'm your. who's giving you. sophie! soph! stand back, everybody. give her some space. soph. baby! come on, mother, rise and shine. i was tossing and turning all night. those three guys are still loose on this island. we got to do something. donna! donna! donna! donna. it's all under control. i have been tossing and turning all night. i've got three dads coming to my wedding, and i have to tell two of them they're surplus. only, which two? it's all under control. i'm taking bill and sam fishing. we're each gonna go off. we're gonna grab a man, interrogate him, swap notes and decide. and harry's talked tanya into water sports. oh, god. nurse, donkey testicles, quickly! no, after you. please. no. no. go ahead. no, no, no, no, you first. i want to get something off my chest. me, too. last night, i discovered something wonderful. it was a wake up call, a way to look at myself and what i really want out of life. last night? you didn't know? you didn't even suspect that you were. well, no. of course not. that's always been a secret. and now we. say it out loud. no! no! no! it's absolutely hush hush. i mean, for now. all will be revealed tonight. talking of revelations, last night. you and the little lady? i think i know what's going on. no, you don't. you don't. it's obvious. i saw it from the moment you clapped eyes on each other. you're kidding. i'm gonna level with you, harry. i don't think i can do this. well, she's a wonderful girl, but can i take her on in my life? bill, where's your spontaneity? it's this. this family, you know? you don't have to marry her. what? hey, right in time for breakfast. we're serving up the works here. think you just did. sunny side up! lox or ham? i'll just. i'm just gonna. what a mess! hey! what? you okay? yeah. i'm fine. i'm fine. sophie. what? last night, you and sky. what's wrong? tell me. tell me what's wrong. i don't know what to do. you know what to do. you don't have to do anything. not too late, i can still call off the wedding. everybody will understand. call. call off the wedding? isn't that what you want? no. no. no, that's what you want. no! yes! god! sophie! you just. you have no idea. you never had a wedding. you never did the marriage and babies thing. you just did the baby thing. well, good for you. you know, i don't know why you're going off on me now! i really don't! because i. god! i love sky, and i want to be with him! good! great. and i don't want my children growing up not knowing who their father is. because it's just. it's crap! voulez vous what are you doing? stop, you're terrible. come on, man. what are you talking about? okay, okay, sophie's gonna have an absolutely beautiful wedding, right? you're supposed to be helping me. you guys. he's got to get ready. i see you kept my bagpipes. they're supposed to ward off unwanted visitors. well, you don't need bagpipes to do that. what are you doing here, sam? this is our dream, remember? villa on the island? yeah. well, this is my reality. hard work and a crippling mortgage. shoot! and a hotel that's crumbling around me. look, i'll help. let me have a look at this. no, that's all right, i can deal my own disasters. why didn't you tell me it was sophie getting married? well, i didn't think it was any of your business. why is she getting married? settling down on the island? i mean, if it was up to me, i'd be telling her to go get a life. yeah. she's a bright kid. i know. i know. but, you know, my daughter has a mind of her own. oh, yeah. i see that. i see that. but she's so young. i know. i mean, does she know what she really wants? you see, i think part of her just wants to let you know that she isn't going to leave you alone here, on your own. what do you mean? donna, look. i have two grown children. i know something about letting go. if sophie felt you were okay on your own, would she want something different for herself? okay, here's the thing. i love being on my own. i really do. you know, every morning, i get up and i thank god that i don't have some middle aged, menopausal man telling me how to run my life. you know, i'm free and i'm single. and it's great. sos where are those happy days? they seem so hard to find i try to reach for you but you have closed your mind what ever happened to our love? i wish i understood it used to be so nice it used to be so good so when you're near me, darling can't you hear me? sos the love you gave me nothing else can save me sos when you're gone how can i even try to go on? when you're gone, though i try how can i carry on? you seem so far away though you are standing near you made me feel alive but something died, i fear i really tried to make it out i wish i understood what happened to our love? it used to be so good so when you're near me, darling can't you hear me? sos and the love you gave me nothing else can save me sos when you're gone when you're gone how can i even try to go on? how can i even try to go on? when you're gone when you're gone though i try how can i carry on? though i try how can i carry on? donna must be tearing her hair out, doing this wedding on her own. what would the father of the bride normally do? pay. though my dad drew the line at my third. i see. excuse me. harry? harry! tanya! let's pick up where we left off last night. last night never happened. i've drawn a veil over last night. oh, my god. look at the time. i've got work to do. work? a little repair and renovation. come on. you don't mess with a masterpiece. oh, ignore him, tanya, he's all mouth and no trousers. tanya can't ignore the chemistry between us. little boys who play with fire get their fingers burned. does your mo ther know you're so hot, teasing me so you're blue well, i can't take a chance on a kid like you it's something i couldn't do there's that look in your eyes i can read in your face that your feelings are driving you wild oh, but, boy, you're only a child well, i can dance with you, honey if you think it's funny but does your mother know that you're out? and i can chat with you, baby flirt a little, maybe does your mother know that you're out? take it easy take it easy. better slow down, boy that's no way to go does your mother know? take it easy take it easy. try to cool it, boy play it nice and slow does your mother know? come on, boy. i can see what you want but you seem pretty young to be searching for that kind of fun so maybe i'm not the one now you're so cute i like your style and i know what you mean when you give me a flash of that smile but, boy, you're only a child well, i can dance with you, honey if you think it's funny does your mother know that you're out? and i can chat with you, baby flirt a little, maybe does your mother know that you're out? well, i can dance with you, honey if you think it's funny does your mother know that you're out? and i can chat with you, baby flirt a little, maybe does your mother know that you're out? does your mother know that you're out? does your mother know that you're out? does your mother know? does your mother know that you're out? boy down! boy down! yo, girls. we done good. yes, any colour. doesn't matter. there's no plan, god knows there's no plan. it looks great, though. ella, donna, where would you like this? carlos, get the meat out of the heat. put a cover on that thing. that's beautiful. and tell. lone, help him get the. harry, what are you doing here? hello. i just wanted to give you this. i don't mean here, here. i mean, why are you on this island? i realised. what is this? now, i realised you'll have had to tighten your belt a bit over the years, bringing up sophie on your own, and i just wanted to make a small contribution to the wedding. i can't accept this. i can't. no. no. harry, i can't. no. no. harry? i can't. no, you'll have to catch me first. sky. what's the matter? you have to help me. why, what's happened? baby? sophie! soph. i've done something completely insane. all my dads are here for our wedding, and they all think they're giving me away. all your what? i read mom's diary, and i have three possible fathers. but how are they here now? i invited them. i thought that i would know my dad right away, but i didn't. i just. i have no idea. and now, my mom is gonna kill me, and they're gonna hate me, and you. hold on. hold on. you invited these guys and you didn't tell me? no, i thought you would try to stop me. i know i messed up. sophie? is that what this whole big white wedding is about? you finding your dad? no. no! i wanted to take a boat to the mainland with a couple of witnesses. and you insisted on this sodding circus so you could play happy families. it's about knowing who i am. and i wanted to get married knowing who i am. that doesn't come from finding your father, that comes from finding yourself. and the irony is, i was travelling to find myself. i put everything on hold for you. because i loved you and i wanted what you wanted. now, i don't know. you don't know if you love me? of course i love you. i just wish you'd told me. is everything okay? sophie, what's wrong? not now, sam. yes, yes, yes, now. because i'm supposed to be giving you away. and how can i when i know you're not really gonna be happy? i've heard all this from my mother, and i think she knows me better than you do. i know. but i've done the big white wedding, and believe me, it doesn't always end in happy ever after. that is you. that's not me. okay? i love sky more than anything in the world. and i. did you feel that way before you got married? no. hey, aren't you supposed to be getting dressed? where's ali and lisa? i thought they were going to help you. will you help me? mmm hmm. wait. it's okay, it's okay. we have time. slipping through my fingers schoolbag in hand she leaves home in the early morning waving goodbye with an absent minded smile i watch her go with a surge of that well known sadness and i have to sit down for a while the feeling that i'm losing her forever and without really entering her world i'm glad whenever i can share her laughter that funny little girl slipping through my fingers all the time i try to capture every minute the feeling in it slipping through my fingers all the time do i really see what's in her mind? each time i think i'm close to knowing she keeps on growing slipping through my fingers all the time sleep in our eyes her and me at the breakfast table barely awake i let precious time go by then when she's gone there's that odd melancholy feeling and a sense of guilt i can't deny what happened to those wonderful adventures the places i had planned for us to go slipping through my fingers all the time well, some of that we did but most we didn't and why, i just don't know slipping through my fingers all the time i try to capture every minute the feeling in it slipping through my fingers all the time do i really see what's in her mind? each time i think i'm close to knowing she keeps on growing slipping through my fingers all the time do you think i'm letting you down? why would you even think that? well, because of what you've done. i mean, the dynamos, raising a kid, and running a business all on your own. well, honey, i didn't have a choice. i couldn't go home, you know. when i got pregnant, my mother told me not to bother coming back. and i wouldn't have had it any other way. my god, look at what we've had. will you give me away? yeah. sometimes i wish that i could freeze the picture and save it from the funny tricks of time slipping through my fingers schoolbag in hand she leaves home in the early morning waving goodbye with an absent minded smile donna! donna. i need to talk to you about who's giving sophie away. that would be me. but. what about her dad? her dad isn't here. it's what she wants. she told me she wants her father here. what if her father wants that, too? what? sam, don't do this now. i can't hear this now! donna, listen to me. this is about us. the winner takes it all i don't wanna talk about things we've gone through though it's hurting me now it's history i've played all my cards and that's what you've done, too nothing more to say no more ace to play the winner takes it all the loser standing small beside the victory that's her destiny i was in your arms thinking i belonged there i figured it made sense building me a fence building me a home thinking i'd be strong there but i was a fool playing by the rules the gods may throw the dice their minds as cold as ice and someone way down here loses someone dear the winner takes it all the loser has to fall it's simple and it's plain why should i complain? but tell me does she kiss like i used to kiss you? does it feel the same when she calls your name? somewhere deep inside you must know i miss you but what can i say? rules must be obeyed the judges will decide the likes of me abide spectators at the show always staying low the game is on again a lover or a friend a big thing or a small the winner takes it all i don't wanna talk 'cause it makes me feel sad and i understand you've come to shake my hand i apologise if it makes you feel bad seeing me so tense no self confidence, but you see the winner takes it all the winner takes it all the game is on again a lover or a friend a big thing or a small the winner takes it all so the winner takes it all and the loser has to fall so the winner takes it all and the loser has to fall donna! the winner takes it all donna, there you are. it's okay. they're my best shoes. panic over! here she is. she's here. oh, don't worry. oh, god. i love you. welcome to sophie and sky, and to all your friends who have gathered together this evening. and welcome, especially, to donna, who represents your family. we are all here together in this glorious. and welcome to. to sophie's dad. i have to tell you. he is here. i know. i invited him. you couldn't have. i don't know which one it is. oh, my god. that's why they're all here! i'm sorry. sorry. i just. please, please forgive me! please forgive me. please. i don't know. can you forgive me? what? i don't care if you slept with hundreds of men. you're my mom, and i love you so much. oh, soph. and i haven't slept with hundreds of men. am i getting this right? sophie may be mine, but she may be bill's or harry's? yeah, yeah. that's right. and don't get all self righteous with me, because you have no one but yourself to blame. yeah, if you hadn't just dumped my mother and gone off and married somebody else. hey, hey, wait a minute! i had to go home. i was engaged. but i told lorraine i couldn't marry her, and i came right back. you. you. why didn't you call me? because i was crazy enough to think that you would be waiting for me. only when i arrived, they told me you were off with some other guy. so, lorraine called me an idiot and married me to prove it. sorry, can i just. might i just butt in? oh, harry, don't. it's all right. you don't have to. no, no, i just wanted to say it's great to have even a third of sophie. i never thought i'd get even that much of a child. donna, you were the first girl i ever loved. well, actually, you were the last girl i ever loved. now, this gives me an excuse to come here much more often. we can find out if you want, but i'm with harry. being a third of your dad is great by me. by me, too. i'll take a third. typical, isn't it? you wait years for a dad, and then three come along at once. dearly beloved. you know, i have no clue which one of you is my dad, but i don't mind. now, i know what i really want. sky, let's just not get married yet. what? what? you never wanted this anyway. i know that. let's just get off this island and just see the world. okay? all right? i love you. donna, do i take it the wedding is cancelled? i'm not entirely sure what's happening right now. hang on. why waste a good wedding? how about it, sheridan? you're going to need someone to boss around on this island of yours. are you nuts? i am not a bigamist. neither am i. i'm a divorced man who's loved you for years, and ever since the day i set foot on this island, i've been trying to tell you how much i love you. come on, donna. it's only the rest of your life. i do, i do, i do, i do, i do i can't conceal it don't you see? can't you feel it? say i do oh, yeah. i do, i do, i do, i do, i do donna, please show it you love me and you know it say i do i do i do, i do, i do, i do. i now pronounce you man and wife. i'm so happy! when all is said and done here's to us one more toast and then we'll pay the bill deep inside both of us could feel the autumn chill birds of passage you and me we fly instinctively when the summer's over and the dark clouds hide the sun neither you nor i'm to blame when all is said and done in our lives we have walked some strange and ionely treks yeah. slightly worn but dignified and not too old for sex yeah! clear headed and open eyed with nothing left untried standing calmly at the crossroads no desire to run there's no hurry any more when all is said and done standing calmly at the crossroads no desire to run there's no hurry any more when all is said and done that's not for me. i'm a writer. lone wolf. if you change your mind i'm the first in line honey, i'm still free take a chance on me sorry. if you need me, let me know i'm gonna be around if you got no place to go if you're feeling down speech! i'm gonna make a speech, everybody. yeah, get ready. take a chance on me if you're all alone when the pretty birds have flown honey, i'm still free take a chance on me gonna do my very best and it ain't no lie if you put me to the test if you let me try take a chance on me take a chance on me go, bill. we can go dancing we can go walking as long as we're together listen to some music maybe just talking you'd get to know me better 'cause you know i've got so much that i wanna do when i dream i'm alone with you it's magic you want me to leave it there afraid of a love affair but i think you know that i can't let go if you're all alone when the pretty birds have flown honey, i'm still free take a chance on me gonna do my very best and it ain't no lie if you put me to the test if you let me try take a chance on me take a chance on me it's aphrodite! mamma mia mamma mia here i go again my, my how can i resist you? mamma mia does it show again? my, my just how much i've missed you? yes, i've been broken hearted blue since the day we parted why, why did i ever let you go? mamma mia now i really know my, my i should not have let you go i have a dream i have a dream a song to sing to help me cope with anything if you see the wonder of a fairy tale you can take the future even if you fail i believe in angels something good in everything i see i believe in angels when i know the time is right for me i'll cross the stream i have a dream i'll cross the stream i have a dream dancing queen you can dance you can jive having the time of your life see that girl watch that scene dig in the dancing queen friday night and the lights are low looking out for a place to go where they play the right music getting in the swing you come to look for a king anybody could be that guy night is young and the music's high with a bit of rock music everything is fine you're in the mood for a dance and when you get the chance you are the dancing queen young and sweet only seventeen dancing queen feel the beat from the tambourine oh, yeah you can dance you can jive having the time of your life see that girl watch that scene dig in the dancing queen bye. bye