yify torrents.com. the best p p d movies with the lowest file size on the internet. come say hi! world of warcraft eu stormscale torporr, terenas bokutox there was a boy a very strange enchanted boy they say he wandered very far very far over land and sea man don't be fooled! evil! toulouse a little shy turn away from this village of sin! toulouse and sad of eye but very wise was he and then one day a magic day he passed my way and while we spoke of many things fools and kings this he said to me the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return christian the moulin rouge. a nightclub. .a dance hall and a bordello. .ruled over by harold zidler. a kingdom of nighttime pleasures. .where the rich and powerful played with. .the young and beautiful creatures of the underworld. the most beautiful of all these. .was the woman who i loved. satine. a courtesan, she sold her love to men. they called her the sparkling diamond. and she was the star. .of the moulin rouge. the woman i loved. .is. .dead. i first came to paris. .one year ago. lt was , the summer of love. i knew nothing of the moulin rouge, harold zidler or satine. the world had been swept up in a bohemian revolution, and l had. .travelled from london to be a part of it. on the hill near paris was the village of montmartre. it was not, as my father said a village of sin. but the center of the bohemian world. musicians, painters, writers. they were known as the children of the revolution. yes. i had come to live a penniless existence. i had come to. .write about truth, beauty, freedom. .and that which l believed in above all things love. always this ridiculous obsession with love! there was only one problem. i'd never been in love. luckily, right at that moment, an unconscious argentinean fell through my roof. he was joined by a dwarf dressed as a nun. how do you do? my name is henri marie raymond toulouse lautrec montfa. i'm terribly sorry. we were upstairs rehearsing a play. a play. something very modern called spectacular spectacular. it's set in switzerland. unfortunately, he unconscious argentinean suffered from narcolepsy. toulouse perfectly fine one moment, then suddenly .unconscious the next. ha, ha. audrey how is he? wonderful. the narcoleptic argentinean is unconscious. therefore the scenario will not be finished to present to the financier tomorrow. i still have to finish the music. we just find someone to read the part. where in heaven's name are we going to find someone to read the role. .of the young, sensitive swiss poet goatherder? before i knew it, i was upstairs, standing in for the unconscious argentinean. toulouse the hills animate with the euphonious symphonies of descant oh, stop! stop that insufferable droning! it's drowning out my words! can we just stick to a little decorative piano? there seemed to be artistic differences over audrey's lyrics to satie's song. don't think a nun would say that about a hill. what if he sings, the hills are vital intoning the descant ? the hills quake and shake no, no, no. the hills the hills are incarnate with symphonic melodies ! no. the hills the hills the hills the hills the hills are alive with the sound of music the hills are alive with the sound of music. i love it! the hills are alive. with the sound. of music. it fits perfectly! with songs they have sung for a thousand years incandiferous! audrey, you should write the show together. i beg your pardon? but toulouse's suggestion that audrey and i write together. .was not what audrey wanted to hear. goodbye! here's to your first job in paris. toulouse, zidler will never agree. no offense, but have you ever written anything like this before? no. ah! the boy has talent! i like him. nothing funny. i just like talent. the hills are alive with the sound of music. with christian, we can write. .the truly bohemian revolutionary show we always dreamt of. how will we convince zidler? toulouse had a plan. satine. they would dress me in the argentinian's best suit. .and pass me off as a famous english writer. once satine heard my poetry, she'd be astounded and insist to zidler that. .i write spectacular spectacular. the only problem was i kept hearing my father's voice you'll end up wasting your life at the moulin rouge with a cancan dancer! i can't write the show for the moulin rouge! why not? i don't even know if i am a true bohemian revolutionary. do you believe in beauty? yes. freedom? yes, of course. truth? yes. love? love? love? above all things, i believe in love. love is like oxygen. love is a many splendored thing. love lifts us up where we belong. all you need is love! see, you can't fool us. you're the voice of the children of the revolution. we can't be fooled! let's drink to the new writer of the world's first bohemian revolutionary show! it was the perfect plan. i was to audition for satine and i would taste my first glass of absinthe. voice there was a boy i am the green fairy. the hills are alive with the sound of music freedom, beauty truth and love the hills are alive with the sound of music christian we were off to the moulin rouge. and i was to perform my poetry for satine. zidler the moulin rouge. christian harold zidler and his infamous girls. they called them his diamond dogs. voulez vous coucher avec moi ce soir? chorus hey, sister, go, sister soul sister, go, sister if life's an awful bore and living's just a chore that you do 'cause death's not much fun i've just the antidote and though l mustn't gloat at the moulin rouge you'll have fun so scratch that little niggle give a little wiggle you know that you can because we can cancan don't say you can't can't can't you know you can cancan don't say you can't because you can chorus here we are now entertain us we feel stupid and contagious got some dark desire love to play with fire why not let it rip? live a little bit we can cancan don't say you can't can't can't you know you can cancan you can cancan outside, it may be raining but in here it's entertaining! chorus if you love love love to be free free free the moulin rouge is the place to be because we can cancan yes, we can cancan! here we are now entertain us outside, things may be tragic but in here we feel it's magic the cancan. because we can cancan chorus go, sister soul sister hey, sister, go, sister soul sister, go, sister citchy citchy yah yah, dah, dah citchy citchy yah yah here zidler because we can cancan yes, we can cancan chorus creole lady marmalade zidler because we can cancan 'cause it's good for your mind christian. mission accomplished. we've successfully evaded zidler. it's her. the sparkling diamond. the french are glad to die for love they delight in fighting duels christian but someone else was to meet satine that night. but i prefer a man who lives zidler's investor. and gives expensive jewels christian the duke. a kiss on the hand may be quite continental but diamonds are a girl's best friend a kiss may be grand but it won't pay the rental on your humble flat or help you feed your pussycat men grow cold as girls grow old and we all lose our charms in the end but square cut or pear shaped these rocks don't lose their shape diamonds are a girl's best friend when am l going to meet the girl? tiffany's. after her number. i've arranged a special meeting, just you and mademoiselle satine. totally alone. cartier. after her number, i've arranged a private meeting. just you and mademoiselle satine. totally alone. alone? toulouse yes, totally alone. 'cause we are living in a material world and i am a material girl satine come and get me, boys. ow! excuse me. satine black star. roscor. talk to me, harry zidler. tell me all about it! there may come a time when a lass needs a lawyer chorus but diamonds are a girl's best friend there may come a time when a hard boiled employer thinks you're awful nice oh! don't worry. i'll sally forth and tee things up! is the duke here? liebchen, would daddy let you down? terribly sorry. where is he? he's the one toulouse is shaking a hanky at. excuse me, christian. may i borrow? are you sure? let me peek. i'm ever so sorry! how embarrassing! that's the one. i hope that demonic little loon doesn't frighten him off. clean yourself up, you bourgeois pig! sorry. will he invest? pigeon! after spending the night with you, how could he refuse? what's his type? wilting flower? bright and bubbly? or smoldering temptress? i'd say smoldering temptress. we're all relying on you, gosling. remember, a real show in a real theater, with a real audience. .and you'll be. a real actress. 'cause that's when those louses go back to their spouses diamonds i have exciting news! are a girl's best friend i believe you were expecting me. yes. yes. i'm afraid it's lady's choice. crowd aw. toulouse i see you've met my english friend i'll take care of it. let's dance. hit her with your most modern poem! woman feel the beat of the rhythm of the night dance until the morning light forget the worries on your mind you can leave them all behind feel the beat of the rhythm of the night dance until the morning light that went well. incredible. argentlnean he has a gift with the women. i told you. he's a genius. that duke certainly can dance. how wonderful of you to take an interest in our little show. it sounds very exciting. i'd be delighted to be involved. really? assuming you like what i do. i'm sure l will. toulouse thought we might be able to. .do it in private. did he? yes, you know, a private. .poetry reading. oh. a poetry reading. i love a little poetry after supper. hang on to your hat! diamonds square cut or pear shaped these rocks won't lose their shape diamonds are a girl's best satine! satine! satine! i don't know the duke's gonna get his money's worth tonight. don't be unkind, nini. you've frightened her away. but i can see some lonely moulin rouge dancers. .looking for a partner or two! so if you can hunk hunk. .you can hunkadola with them! out of my way! oh, marie. oh, these silly costumes. just a fainting spell. all right, girls. back out front and make those gents thirsty. problems? nothing for you to be worrying about. don't stand around, then. satlne coughing and gasping chorus come out of the garden, baby you'll catch your death in the fog young girls they call them the diamond dogs find zidler. the girl's waiting for me. that twinkle toes duke has really taken the bait, girl. with a patron like him, you could be the next sarah bernhardt. do you really think i could be like the great sarah? why not? you got the talent. you hook that duke and you'll be lighting up the great stages of europe. i'm gonna be a real actress, marie. a great actress. i'm gonna fly away from here. i'm gonna fly, fly away. duckling, is everything all right? yes. of course, harold. thank goodness. you certainly weaved your magic with the duke on the dance floor. how do i look? a smoldering temptress? my little strawberry. .how could he possibly resist gobbling you up? everything's going so well! satlne laughing chorus i'll meet you in the red room unbelievable. straight to the elephant. satine this is a wonderful place for a poetry reading. don't you think? poetic enough for you? yes. a little supper? maybe some champagne? i'd rather just. .get it over and done with. oh. very well. then why don't you. .come down here? let's get it over and done with. i prefer to do it standing. oh. you don't have to stand. sometimes it's. it's quite long and i'd like you to be comfortable. it's quite modern, what i do. and it may feel a little strange. .at first, but if you're open, you might enjoy it. i'm sure l will. excuse me. the sky. the sky. the bluebirds. come on. come on. i think. satlne breathlng heavily there might be some shaking. um, is everything all right? i'm a little nervous. sometimes it takes a while for. oh! .inspiration to come. oh, yes, yes. let mummy help. does that inspire you? let's make love. make love? you want to, don't you? well, l came to tell the truth. can't you feel the poetry? come on! feel it. free the tiger! satlne growling big boy! he's got a huge talent! i need your poetry now! all right! it's a little bit funny this feeling inside i'm not one of those who can easily hide is this okay? ls this what you want? oh, poetry. yes. yes. yes. this is what i want, naughty words. oh! naughty! i don't have much money but, boy, if i did, i'd buy satlne moaning a big house where we both could live it's so bad! if i were a sculptor, then again, no you devil. or a man who makes potions in a traveling show don't, don't, don't! don't stop! i know it's not much give me more! yes! yes! yes! yes. it's the best i can do naughty! don't stop! yes! yes! yes! christian my gift is my song and this one's for you and you can tell everybody that this is your song it may be quite simple, but now that it's done i hope you don't mind i hope you don't mind that i put down in words how wonderful life is now you're in the world i sat on the roof and l kicked off the moss well, some of these verses well, they got me quite cross but the sun's been kind while i wrote this song it's for people like you that keep it turned on so excuse me forgetting but these things i do you see, i've forgotten if they're green or they're blue anyway, the thing is what i really mean yours are the sweetest eyes i've ever seen and you can tell everybody this is your song it may be quite simple, but now that it's done i hope you don't mind i hope you don't mind that i put down in words how wonderful life is now you're in the world toulouse looks like he got the job! i can't believe it. i'm in love. i'm in love with a young. .handsome, talented duke. duke? not that the title's important, of course. i'm not a duke. not a duke? i'm a writer. a writer? yes, a writer. no! toulouse toulouse. oh, no. you're not another of toulouse's oh so talented. .charmingly bohemian, impoverished prot g s? you might say that. oh, no! i'm going to kill him. i think there might be a small hitch. what about the duke? zidler my dear duke the duke! the duke? hide! out back! my dear, are you decent for the duke? where were you? i. i was waiting. dearest duke, allow me to introduce mademoiselle satine! monsieur, how wonderful of you to take time out of your busy schedule to visit. the pleasure, i fear, will be entirely mine, my dear. zidler i'll leave you two squirrels to get better acquainted. ta ta. a kiss on the hand may be quite continental. but diamonds are a girl's best friend. after tonight's pretty exertions on the stage. .you must be in need of refreshment. don't! don't you. .just love the view? hm? charming. oh! ooh. i feel like dancing. uh. uh. i should like a glass of champagne. ah! it's. it's a little bit funny. what is? this. whlsperlng feeling. .feeling. inside. .inside. i'm not one of those who can easily. .hide. i don't have much money. .but if i did, i'd buy a big house. .where we both could live. i hope you don't mind i hope you don't mind that i put down in words how wonderful life is now you're in the world that's very beautiful. it's from spectacular spectacular. suddenly, with you here. .i finally understood the true meaning of the words. how wonderful life is now you're in the world. and what meaning is that, my dear? oh! duke! don't you toy with my emotions. you must know the effect you have on women. let's make love! you want to make love, don't you? make love? satine i knew you felt the same way! oh, duke! you're right. we should wait until opening night. duke wait? wait? there's a power in you that scares me. you should go. i just got here. we'll see each other every day during rehearsal. we must wait. we must wait until opening night. get out. do you have any idea what would have happened if you were found? satine? let's have a little peekaboo. right on target. i forgot my hat foul play? oh, duke. it's a little bit funny, this feeling inside! beautifully spoken, duke. let me introduce you. the writer. the writer? satine yes. oh, yes. we were rehearsing. you expect me to believe that scantily clad. .in the arms of another man, in the middle of the night, inside an elephant. .you were rehearsing? how's the rehearsal going? shall we take it from the top? i hope the piano's in tune. argentlnean sorry, got held up. can i offer you a drink? oh, my goodness! when i spoke those words to you, you filled me with such inspiration. i realized how much work we had to do by tomorrow. .so i called everyone together for an emergency rehearsal. if you're rehearsing, where's zidler? i didn't bother harold. my dear duke, i'm most terribly sorry. harold, you made it. lt's all right, the duke knows all about the emergency rehearsal. emergency rehearsal? to incorporate the duke's artistic ideas. audrey will be only too delighted audrey left. what? satine the cat's out of the bag. the duke's already a big fan of our new writer's work. that's why he's so keen to invest. invest? invest! oh, yes. invest! you can hardly blame me for trying to hide. christian. zidler .christian away. i'm way ahead of you, zidler. my dear duke, why don't you and i go to my office to peruse the paperwork. what's the story? the story? if i'm to invest, i need to know the story. well, the story's about. toulouse? the story is. the story's about. it's about. it's about love. love? it's about love overcoming all obstacles. and it's set in switzerland! switzerland? exotic switzerland! india! india! it's set in lndia! and there's a courtesan. the most beautiful courtesan in all the world. but her kingdom's invaded by an evil maharajah. now, in order to save her kingdom, she has to seduce the evil maharajah. but on the night of the seduction, she mistakes. .a penniless a penniless. .sitar player. .for the evil maharajah, and she falls in love with him. he wasn't trying to trick her. but he was dressed as a maharajah. .because he's appearing in a play. i will play the penniless tango dancing sitar player. he will sing like an angel. .but dance like the devil. yes, all right. and what happens next? the penniless sitar player and the courtesan. .they have to hide their love from the evil maharajah. the sitar player's sitar is magical. it can only speak the truth. and i will play the magical sitar! you are beautiful. you are ugly. and you and he gives the game away, eh? yes! tell him about the cancan! the tantric cancan it's an erotic, spectacular scene that captures the thrusting, violent, vibrant. .wild, bohemian spirit. .that this whole production embodies, duke. what does that mean by that? i mean the show will be a magnificent. .opulent, tremendous, stupendous. .gargantuan bedazzlement! a sensual ravishment. it will be. spectacular spectacular no words in the vernacular can describe this great event you'll be dumb with wonderment returns are fixed at ten percent you must agree that's excellent and on top of your fee all you'll be involved artistically so exciting the audience will stomp and cheer so delighting it will run for years so exciting the audience will stomp and cheer so delighting it will run for years elephants bohemians indians and courtesans acrobats and juggling bears exotic girls fire eaters musclemen contortionists intrigue, danger and romance electric lights, machinery and all that electricity! so exciting the audience will stomp and cheer so delighting it will run for years so exciting the audience will stomp and cheer so delighting it will run for years! spectacular spectacular no words in the vernacular can describe this great event you'll be dumb with wonderment the hills are alive with the sound of music so exciting the audience will stomp and cheer so delighting it will run for years so exciting the audience will stomp and cheer so delighting it will run for years! yes, but what happens in the end? the courtesan and sitar man are pulled apart by an evil plan but in the end, she hears his song and their love is just too strong it's a little bit funny this feeling inside so exciting the audience will stomp and cheer so delighting it will run for years the sitar player's secret song helps them flee the evil one though the tyrant rants and rails it is all to no avail i am the evil maharajah! you will not escape! no one could play him like you. zidler no one will. so exciting, we'll make them laugh we'll make them cry so delighting and in the end, should someone die? so exciting the audience will stomp and cheer so delighting it will run for years! generally, i like it. christian zidler had an investor. .and the bohemians had a show. it's the end of the century! the bohemian revolution is here! argentlnean you are a beautiful woman. i love sex. while the celebration party raged upstairs. .i tried to write. but all l could think about was her. how wonderful life is in voice over was she thinking about me? now you're in the world christian duke? i'm not a duke. i'm a writer. he wasn't trying to trick her. it's about love. it's about love. .overcoming all obstacles. i follow the night can't stand the light when will i begin to live again? one day i'll fly away leave all this to yesterday what more could your love do for me? when will love be through with me? why live life from dream to dream? and dread the day when dreaming ends how wonderful life is now you're in the world one day i'll fly away leave all this to yesterday why live life from dream to dream? and dread the day when dreaming ends one day i'll fly away fly away sorry. ah! i didn't mean i saw your light on and i climbed up the what? i couldn't sleep, and i wanted to thank you for helping me get the job. oh. of course. yes, toulouse was right. you're. you're very talented. it's going to be a wonderful show. anyway, i'd better go. we both have a big day tomorrow. wait. no, please wait. before, when we were. when we were. when you thought i was the duke. .you said you loved me, and i wondered if it was just an act? yes. of course. it just felt real. christian. .i'm a courtesan. i'm paid to make men believe what they want to believe. silly of me, to think you could fall in love with someone like me. i can't fall in love with anyone. can't fall in love? but a life without love? that's terrible! no. being on the street, that's terrible. no. love is like oxygen. what? love is a many splendored thing. love. .lifts us up where we belong. all you need is love. please don't start that again. all you need is love a girl has got to eat. all you need is love or she'll end up on the streets. all you need is love love is just a game i was made for loving you, baby you were made for loving me the only way of loving me, baby is to pay a lovely fee just one night give me just one night there's no way 'cause you can't pay in the name of love one night in the name of love you crazy fool i won't give in to you don't leave me this way i can't survive without your sweet love oh, baby don't leave me this way you'd think that people would have had enough of silly love songs i look around me and l see it isn't so oh, no some people want to fill the world with silly love songs well, what's wrong with that? i'd like to know 'cause here i go again love lifts us up where we belong get down! get down! where eagles fly on a mountain high satine love makes us act like we are fools throw our lives away for one happy day we could be heroes just for one day satine you, you will be mean no, i won't. and i i'll drink all the time we should be lovers we can't do that we should be lovers and that's a fact though nothing will keep us together we could steal time just for one day just for one day we could be heroes we could be heroes forever and ever forever and ever we could be heroes we could be heroes forever and ever forever and ever we can be heroes we can be heroes just because l will always love i. can't help loving can't help loving you how wonderful life is now you're in now you're in the world the world you're gonna be bad for business, i can tell. how wonderful life is now you're in the world christian how wonderful life was now satine was in the world. but in the duke. .zidler had gotten much more than he had bargained for. the conversion of the moulin rouge into a theater will cost a fantastic sum. so, in return, i would require a contract that. .binds satine to me. .exclusively. naturally, i shall require some security. i shall require the deeds to the moulin rouge. my dear duke please! don't think that i'm naive, zidler. i shall hold the deeds to the moulin rouge. and if there are any shenanigans. .my manservant, warner. .will deal with it in the only language. .you underworld show folk understand. satine will be mine. it's not that i'm a jealous man. i just don't like other people touching my things! i. .understand completely, duke. good. now that we have an understanding, it would appear that. .you have the means to transform your beloved moulin rouge into a theater! i shall woo satine over supper tonight. zidler we will have created the world's first. .completely modern. .entirely electric, totally bohemian. .all singing, all dancing stage spectacular! the show must go on! yes, the show would go on. but satine would not attend supper that night or the following night. mad with jealousy, the evil maharajah. .forces the courtesan to make the sitar player believe she doesn't love him. thank you for curing me. .of my ridiculous obsession with love . .says the sitar player, throwing money at her feet. .and leaving the kingdom forever! satine no, no, no! toulouse brilliant! brilliant! but a life without love? that's terrible! yes. but the sitar player wait! that's my part. that's my part, christian! don't you dare! the magic sitar, who can only speak the truth, says christian the greatest thing you'll ever learn. .is just to love and be loved in return. a picnic, sweet lady? oh, but we have so much to do. so much work. if the young writer can carry a blanket and basket. .you can both do it in my presence. so the sitar player falls from the roof yes, i know, i know. don't tell me. the greatest thing you'll ever still at it, my sweet? master. make. contract. my dear duke, so many lines to learn. i've been drilling them over and over. for try as the duke may, it was almost too easy. .for the young writer and actress to invent perfectly legitimate reasons to avoid him. mademoiselle satine, i haven't quite finished writing that new scene. the will the lovers be meeting at the sitar player's humble abode? scene. and i wondered if i could work on it with you later tonight? but, my dear, i arranged a magnificent supper for us in the gothic tower. it's not important. we can work on it tomorrow. how dare you. it cannot wait until tomorrow. the lovers will meet at the sitar player's humble abode scene is the most important. we'll work on it tonight until i'm completely satisfied. but, my dear dear duke, excuse me. i'm sorry. zidler nice work, family! bright and early tomorrow morning, we begin on act two the lovers are discovered. zidler. my dear duke, everything is arranged for that supper in the gothic tower tonight. you might as well eat it yourself! her affections are waning! impossible. i understand how important her work is, but she's always at it with that damn writer! if i don't see her tonight, i'm leaving! no, dear duke! i'll insist satine takes the night off. all right. all right. eight o'clock, then. you'll come tonight? yes. what time? eight o'clock. promise? yes. go. are you mad? the duke holds the deeds to the moulin rouge. he's spending a fortune on you. he's given you a beautiful new dressing room. he wants to make you a star. and you're dallying with the writer. harold, don't be rid i saw you together! it's nothing. it's just an infatuation. it's nothing. the infatuation will end. go to the boy. tell him it's over. the duke is expecting you in the tower at . satine singlng in voice over if i should die this very moment i wouldn't fear for i've never known completeness like being here wrapped in the warmth of you loving every breath of you why live life from dream to dream? and dread the day how could i know. .in those last fatal days. coughlng .that a force darker than jealousy. .and stronger than love. .had begun to take hold. .of satine? where is she? marie will she be up and about by tonight? tomorrow morning at the earliest. the duke's leaving! she's confessing! confessing? what kind of imbecile do you take me for, zidler? she suddenly had a terrible desire. .to go to a priest and. .confess her sins. what? she wanted to be cleansed of her former life. she looks upon tonight as her wedding night. her wedding night? she's like a blushing bride. she says you make her feel like a. .virgin. virgin? you know. touched. .for the very first time. she says it feels so good inside. .when you hold her. .and you touch her. like a virgin. she's made it through the wilderness somehow. she's made it through. she didn't know how lost she was until she found you she was beat incomplete she'd been had she was sad and blue but you made her feel yes, you made her feel shiny and new like a virgin touched for the very first time like a virgin when your hearts beat both in time gonna give you all her love her fear is fading fast been saving it all for you only love can last she's so fine and she's thine she'll be yours till the end of time 'cause you made her feel yes, you made her feel she has nothing to hide like a virgin touched for the very first time like a virgin when your hearts beat both in time like a virgin feels so good inside when you hold her and you touch her she's so fine and she's mine makes me strong yes, she makes me bold now her love thawed out yes, her love thawed out what was scared and cold like a virgin touched for the very first time zidler like a virgin when your hearts beat both in time zidler like a virgin feels so good inside when you hold her and you touch her ahhhhh ahhhhh like a virgin like a virgin harold zidler's brilliant lies had once again averted disaster. but no lie, however brilliant, could save satine. doctor monsieur zidler. .mademoiselle satine is dying. she has consumption. my little sparrow is dying? she mustn't know, marie. the show must go on. christian all night, the penniless sitar player had waited. and now, for the first time. .he felt the cold stab of jealousy. coughlng where were you last night? i told you. .i was sick. you don't have to lie to me. we have to end it. everyone knows. harold knows. sooner or later, the duke will find out too. on opening night, i have to sleep with the duke. and the jealousy will drive you mad. christian then i'll write a song. we'll put it in the show and no matter how bad things get or whatever happens. .whenever you hear it or sing it or whistle it or hum it. .then you'll know it'll mean we love one other. l won't get jealous. things don't work that way, christian. we have to end it. never knew i could feel like this like i've never seen the sky before want to vanish inside your kiss christian this new scene is the scene where the sitar player. .writes a secret song for the courtesan, so that whatever is happening. .however bad things are, they remember their love. we could take it from your line, satine. let's take it from there. we must be careful. fear not. we will conduct our love affair right under the maharajah's seasons may change winter to spring honestly, amigo, this is impossible! but i love you until the end of time come what may i will love you until my dying day suddenly, the world suddenly, the world seems such a perfect place seems such a perfect place my dear, a little frog! suddenly it moves suddenly it moves with such a perfect grace with such a perfect grace suddenly my life doesn't suddenly my life doesn't seem such a waste seem such a waste it all revolves around you it all revolves around you and there's no mountain and there's no mountain too high too high no river too wide no river too wide sing out this song and i'll be sing out this song and i'll be there by your side there by your side storm clouds may gather storm clouds may gather and stars may collide and stars may collide but i love you i love you until the end until the end of time of time come what may come what may i will love you i will love you the magical sitar player falls from the roof and says the greatest thing you'll ever learn. .is just to love and be loved in return. this ending is silly. why would the courtesan go for the penniless writer? whoops. l mean, sitar player. chorus come what may i will love you come what may yes, i will love you come what may i will love you till my dying day i don't like this ending. don't like the ending, my dear duke? duke why would the courtesan choose. .a penniless sitar player over the maharajah. .who is offering a lifetime of security? that's real love. once the sitar player has satisfied his lust. .he will leave the courtesan with nothing. i suggest that in the end, the courtesan choose the maharajah. but, but. sorry. sorry, but that ending does not uphold the bohemian ideals of. .truth, beauty, freedom i don't care about your ridiculous dogma! why shouldn't the courtesan choose the maharajah? because she doesn't love you! him. him. she doesn't love. she doesn't love him. now i see. monsieur zidler. this ending will be rewritten. .with the courtesan choosing the maharajah. .and without the lovers' secret song. it will be rehearsed in the morning, ready for the opening tomorrow night. my dear duke, that will be quite impossible. harold. the poor duke is being treated appallingly. these silly writers let their imaginations run away with them. why don't you and i. .have a little supper? then afterwards. .we can let monsieur zidler know how we would prefer the story to end. thank you, elizabeth. i don't want you to sleep with him. he could destroy everything. it's for us. you promised. you promised me you wouldn't be jealous. it will be all right. yes, it will. he's waiting. no. no. come what may come what may. she had gone to the tower to save us all. and for our part. .we could do nothing but wait. satine my dear duke. i hope i have not kept you waiting. don't worry, shakespeare. you'll get your ending. once the duke gets his. .end in. argentlnean nini. no, no. nini you keep your hands off me! never fall in love with a woman who sells herself. it always ends bad! the boy has a ridiculous obsession with me. i mean, i indulge his fantasy because he's talented. we need him. but only until tomorrow night. we have a dance. .in the brothels of buenos aires. it tells the story. .of a prostitute. .and a man. .who falls in love. .with her. first. .there is desire! then passion! then suspicion! jealousy! anger! betrayal! when love is for the highest bidder, there can be no trust. without trust, there is no love! jealousy yes, jealousy. will drive you mad! roxanne you don't have to put on that red light walk the streets for money you don't care if it's wrong or if it is right roxanne you don't have to wear that dress tonight roxanne you don't have to sell your body to the night christian his eyes upon your face his hand upon your hand his lips caress your skin it's more than i can stand roxanne why does my heart cry roxanne feelings i can't fight you're free to leave me but just don't deceive me and please believe me when i say i love you duke when this production succeeds. .you will no longer be a cancan dancer. .but an actress. i will make you. .a star. accept it. .as a gift from this maharajah to his courtesan. satine and. and the ending? let zidler keep his fairy tale ending. roxanne why does my heart cry? you don't have to put on that red light roxanne feelings i can't fight you don't have to do your hair tonight roxanne you're free to leave me but just don't deceive me and please believe me when i say i love you come what may i will love you till my dying day no. no? i see. it's our very own penniless sitar player. my dear duke silence! you made me. .believe that you loved me! why does my heart cry? feelings i can't fight roxanne you don't have to wear that dress tonight why does my heart cry? roxanne i couldn't. i couldn't go through with it. i saw you there, and i felt differently and i couldn't pretend. and the duke, he saw! he saw and he christian, i love you. christian it's okay. i couldn't do it. i didn't want to pretend anymore. i didn't want to lie. i don't. and he knows. he knows and he you don't have to pretend anymore. we'll leave. we'll leave tonight. leave? but the show i don't care. i don't care about the show. we have each other. that's all that matters. yes. as long as we have each other. we have each other. chocolat, take satine to her dressing room and get the things she needs. no one must see you. do you understand? i understand. darling, you go and pack. and i'll be waiting. it's the boy. he has bewitched her with words. i want her back, zidler. find her. tell her. .that the show will end my way. .and she will come to me when the curtain falls. .or i'll have the boy killed. killed? killed. forgive the intrusion, cherub. you're wasting your time, harold. you don't understand. the duke is going to kill christian. no. zidler the duke is insanely jealous. unless you do his ending and sleep with him tomorrow night. .the duke will have christian killed. he can't scare us. he's a powerful man. you know he can do it. what are you doing? satine i don't need you anymore! all my life you made me believe l was only worth what someone would pay for me! but christian loves me. he loves me, harold. he loves me. and that is worth everything. we're going away from you, away from the duke, away from the moulin rouge! goodbye, harold. you're dying, satine. you're dying. another trick, harold? no, my love. the doctor told us. marie? i'm dying. i was a fool to believe a fool to believe it all ends today yes, it all ends today zidler send christian away. only you can save him. he'll fight for me. yes. unless he believes you don't love him. what? you're a great actress, satine. make him believe you don't love him. no. zidler use your talent to save him. hurt him. hurt him to save him. there is no other way. the show must go on, satine. we're creatures of the underworld. we can't afford to love. today's the day when dreaming ends another hero. .another mindless crime. behind the curtain. .in the pantomime. on and on does anybody know what we are living for? chorus whatever happens we leave it all to chance another heartache another failed romance on and on does anybody know what we are living for? zidler the show must go on the show must go on outside, the dawn is breaking on the stage that holds our final destiny the show must go on inside, my heart is breaking my makeup may be flaking but my smile still stays on zidler the show must go on the show must go on i'll top the bill i'll earn the kill i have to find the will to carry on with the on with the on with the show zidler on with the show! the show must go on what's wrong? i'm staying with the duke. after i left you, the duke came to see me and he offered me everything. everything that i've ever dreamed of. he has one condition. i must never see you again. i'm sorry. what are you talking about? you knew who i was. what are you saying? what about last night? i don't expect you to understand. the difference between you and i is that you can leave anytime you choose. but this is my home. the moulin rouge is my home. no. there must be something else. this can't be real. there's something the matter. tell me what it is. tell me what's wrong. tell me the truth. tell me the truth! the truth? the truth is. .i am the hindi courtesan. and i choose the maharajah. that's how the story really ends. jealousy has driven him mad! christian satine! satine! things aren't always as they seem. things are exactly the way they seem. christian, you may see me only as a drunken, vice ridden gnome. .whose friends are just pimps and girls from the brothels. but i know about art and love. .if only because i long for it with every fiber of my being. she loves you. i know it. i know she loves you. go away, toulouse. leave me alone. go away. go away! i wanted to shut out what toulouse had said. .but he had filled me with doubt. and there was only one way to be sure. i had to know. so i returned to the moulin rouge. .one last time. she is mine! toulouse i only speak the truth i only speak the truth satlne singlng kiss hand diamonds best friend kiss grand diamonds best friend men cold girls old and we all lose our charms in the end diamonds are a chorus diamonds are a girl's best friend she is mine. i know she still loves him. there's got to be a reason. how about one of them is a duke and the other ? then you agree something is wrong. but what? what? i raise high my ceremonial wedding sword. .and welcome my loyal subjects to join with us. .in celebration. coughlng what a magnificent performance. marie a little bit more for me. come on, lovey. there, that's a girl. the boy is here. zidler i told satine that if christian were to come near her, he'd be killed! he very soon will be. he will be killed. that's it. that's why she's pushing him away. to save him. that's it. christian! ah! oh, god, this is high up. i've come to pay my bill. you shouldn't be here, christian. just leave. killed. killed. killed. i must warn him! you made me believe you loved me. why shouldn't i pay you? please go away. marie she's got to get on her stage! zidler jealousy has driven the sitar player into hiding. you did your job so very, very well. man persian army, go! the boy's taken satine. quick. christian why can't i pay you like everyone else does? don't, christian. there's no point. just leave. they're going to kill the poor boy! but i have found them. stop him. if you don't love me and it wasn't real, why can't i pay you? zidler let the palace doors be opened! toulouse christian! open the doors! let me pay! let me pay! open the doors. tell me it wasn't real. tell me you don't love me! open the doors! christian! tell me you don't love me! i am not fooled! though he has shaved off his beard and adopts a disguise. .my eyes do not lie! for it is he! the same penniless sitar player! audlence ah. driven mad by jealousy! oh, god, no. this woman is yours now. i've paid my whore! i owe you nothing. and you are nothing to me. thank you for curing me of my ridiculous obsession with love. i can't remember my line. this sitar player. .doesn't love you. see? he flees the kingdom! pumpkin, it's for the best. you know it is. the show must go on. and now, my bride. .it is time for you to raise your voice to the heavens. .and say your wedding vows. i've got it! christian! the greatest thing you'll ever learn. .is just to love. .and be loved. .in return! never knew i could feel like this it's like i've never seen the sky before want to vanish inside your kiss every day i'm loving you more and more listen to my heart can you hear it sing? come back to me and forgive everything seasons may change winter to spring i love you. till the end of time come what may come what may i will love you until my dying day day come what may come what may i will love you i will love you until my dying until my dying toulouse christian, he's got a gun! they're trying to kill you! shut up! look, he's got a gun! guards, seize them! no problem. go back to work! no matter what you say chorus the show is ending our way come on and stand your ground for freedom beauty truth and love one day i'll fly away my gift is my song fly away my gift is my song i will love you i will love you yes, i will love you yes, i will love you i will love you i will love you till my dying till my dying my way! my way! my way! day day stand by for curtain call. dancers, positions, please. satine. satlne coughing satine? what's the matter? what is it? tell me. what's the matter? tell me. satine? what's the matter? satlne wheezing oh, my god. somebody get some help! hold the curtain. fetch the doctor. i'm sorry, christian. i'm dying. christian shh. shh. it's all right. satine i'm so sorry. christian no, you'll be all right. you'll be all right. l know you'll be all right. i'm cold. i'm cold. hold me. i love you. you've got to go on, christian. i can't go on without you. you've got so much to give. tell our story, christian. promise me. that way. .i'll always be with you. there was a boy a very strange enchanted boy christian days turned into weeks. weeks turned into months. and then, one not so very special day. .l went to my typewriter, i sat down. .and i wrote our story. a story about a time. .a story about a place. .a story about the people. but above all things. .a story about love. a love that will live forever. the. .end