 thank you so much, mr. jeffries. thank you. you'll have the money by the end of the day. let's go. phineas, hurry up. we're gonna miss the train. stand up straight. wipe that muck off. pinkie up. arm extended, elbow out. sip, never slurp. pinkie in the air, arm extended. elbow out. keep your cup level. gently lower your cup. shall we do it again? pinkie in the air. arm extended. elbow out. gracefully. charity, come here. your dress. is this how we've taught you to behave? it's my fault, sir. i made her laugh. well, thank you for your honesty. stay away from my daughter. how did you get out? the window. father is sending me to finishing school. i don't know what my future will be. i do. i close my eyes and i can see a world that's waiting up for me that i call my own through the dark, through the door through where no one's been before but it feels like home they can say, they can say it all sounds crazy they can say, they can say i've lost my mind i don't care, i don't care so call me crazy we can live in a world that we design ' cause ev'ry night i lie in bed the brightest colors fill my head a million dreams are keepin' me awake i think of what the world could be a vision of the one i see a million dreams is all it's gonna take oh, a million dreams for the world we're gonna make they can say, they can say it all sounds crazy they can say, they can say enough! we've lost our minds charity! i don't care, i don't care if they call us crazy run away to a world that we design 'cause ev'ry night i lie in bed the brightest colors fill my head a million dreams are keepin' me awake i think of what the world could be hey! a vision of the one i see a million dreams is all it's gonna take no! oh, a million dreams for the world we're gonna make newspapers! amazing stories from around the world! a million dreams are keepin' me awake i think of what the world could be a vision of the one i see a million dreams is all it's gonna take oh, a million dreams for the world we're gonna make come! join the great american railroad! three meals a day. roof over your head. fair and ample wages. come, make your fortune! see the open plains of america! opportunity awaits you, sir, out on the rails! sir, i. i know i don't come from much, but i will take care of your daughter and i will give her a life as grand as this one. bye, mother. she'll be back. sooner or later, she'll tire of your life. of having nothing, and she'll come running back home. ev'ry night i lie in bed the brightest colors fill my head a million dreams are keepin' me awake i think of what the world could be a vision of the one i see a million dreams is all it's gonna take oh, a million dreams for the world we're gonna make however big however small let me be a part of it all share your dreams with me you may be right you may be wrong but say that you'll bring me along to the world you see to the world i close my eyes to see i close my eyes to see cause ev'ry night i lie in bed the brightest colors fill my head a million dreams are keepin' me awake a million dreams a million dreams i think of what the world could be a vision of the one i see a million dreams is all it's gonna take a million dreams for the world we're gonna make for the world we're gonna make mr. smith? yes. have a look at this. of course. yes, yes, i see it. thank you, chalmers, that'll do. sir, phineas taylor barnum. if i may, sir. i believe i have skills and ideas that go well beyond punching numbers into an adding machine. well, i've read about this german fellow, lilienthal, i believe, who's developed a glider that can take a man in the air, sir. isn't that amazing? i mean, if you were to apply that to this business, it would be revolutionary. gentlemen! can i have your attention? you're all dismissed. bankrupt? i thought the company had a dozen trading ships. yes, at the bottom of the south china sea. typhoon sank 'em all. tag, you're it! oh, you're in for it! hey. oh, god! you're home early. and until further notice. well, i didn't think you were long for that job. or any job, apparently. that's what makes our life together so exciting. charity. this isn't the life i promised you. but i have everything i want. what about the magic? what do you call those two girls? hey, you partners, look who moseyed into the corral. daddy! come here! did you bring a present? a present for what? for my birthday! your what? my birthday. it's not your birthday. okay, i do have a present. but not just any present. oh, no. the most amazing birthday present ever. this extraordinary machine was originally created by leonardo da vinci, years ago. but the blueprints had been lost for centuries until just last week, on a stormy night, when a sunken pirate ship washed up on the shores of nantucket. they found skeletons and treasures and the blueprints were recovered by none other than j. w. mercantile. the blueprints crossed my desk very briefly but i managed to commit them to memory. and if i have remembered correctly. happy birthday, caroline. this is a wishing machine. you tell it your wishes. and it keeps them safe until they come true. even if you forget them, they're always there. can i tell a wish? step right up. go ahead. i wish to marry santa claus. that is a good wish. i wish for ballet slippers. hey, that's a good wish, too. what's your wish, mommy? i wish. for happiness like this forever for you and you. and for your father. boring! boring? since when has happiness ever been boring? ev'ry night i lie in bed the brightest colors fill my head a million dreams are keepin' me awake i think of what the world could be a vision of the one i see a million dreams is all it's gonna take a million dreams for the world we're gonna make the goat prices go up, so the pork bellies go down. charles, we're leaving. huh? this bank only wants to lend money to people with money. what are you looking at, flop doodle? mr. barnum. this venture you propose is risky and somewhat bizarre. it's a good bet is what it is, sir. people don't want to admit it. but they're fascinated with the exotic and the macabre. it's why we stare at it. the bank is going to need substantial collateral. of course. i, uh, i wouldn't suggest otherwise. the deed and title to my entire flotilla of trading vessels. why would a bank loan us , ? because we put up collateral. but, dear, we don't have any collateral. sure we do. in the south china seas. in the south china seas? deep in the south china seas. and what did we buy with this loan? barnum's american museum of curiosities. what kind of museum is it? a place to be transported. a place where people can see things they've never seen before. huh? wax figures? yeah. yeah. they're all the rage in europe. look. marie antoinette with the sore throat. napoleon. come here. see? you've already met some of the most famous folks in history. but they're not all wax. this is the great o'malley. master of sleight of hand. a king of deception. you don't look like a magician. i'm a thief. a very good thief. i caught him nicking my watch. see? an elephant! not just any elephant. i can get you somethin' real nice. just say the word. thank you. oh, yeah. this is a ten ton bull straight from the plains of africa. and look at that. the tallest giraffe in the world. can i climb up its leg? absolutely not. okay. now, i know how it looks. if you didn't, i'd be worried. i mean, it just needs a little work, but. the loan has to be paid back every month. oh, yeah, we're gonna pay it. we just need customers. hundreds of them. we're gonna get them. welcome to the barnum museum. it is one hour of your time, sir, but it will change your life. we have shows on the hour every hour. i love your dress. surely not for the faint of heart, but i can tell you're gonna love it. half price for anyone who's wearing a hat. ho, ho! that's you, sir. welcome to the barnum museum. load of garbage. goodness, no. it's rubbish. welcome to the barnum museum, where everyone's special. how many tickets? three. three. daddy. daddy. did you sell any more tickets today? a few. yeah. most everyone was rushing home, it's friday, but we sold a few. i think you have too many dead things in your museum, daddy. do you? she's right. you need something alive. go to sleep, both of you. something sensational. that's a big word. it's your word. something that isn't stuffed. like a mermaid. or a unicorn. unicorns aren't real. well, mermaids aren't real either. you must be gertrude stratton. i'm looking for your son. i don't have a son. the hospital record says you do. charles, right? age ? charles! charles! p.t. barnum, at your service. i am putting together a show and i need a star. you want people to laugh at me. well, they're laughing anyway, kid, so might as well get paid. i see a soldier, no, a general riding across the stage with a sword and a gun, and. and. and the most beautiful uniform ever made. people will come from all over the world, and when they see him, they won't laugh. they'll salute. how's it looking, girls? hey! you looking for freaks? i know where you can find one of them. really? come on, girls. hello. sir, you shouldn't be here. i'm sorry, who's doing that singing? it's you, isn't it? sir, i'll have to ask you to leave. you are so talented, blessed. extraordinary. unique. i would even say beautiful. sir. please leave me alone. they don't understand, but they will. this line is so. oh, my god! oh, goodness. okay. anne and w.d. wheeler. brother and sister? yes, sir. terrific. and what do you do? trapeze. trapeze. okay. you know, people aren't gonna like it if you put us on the stage. oh, i'm counting on it. is this over your. entire body. terrific. i don't need to see it. now. yes! can i just ask how heavy you are? do you have a number for that? i prefer not to say, but. just between you and me. pounds. pounds, you said? pounds, it is! what is your name? vasily palvos, sir. yeah, we're gonna change that name. uh, i think you're irish. we have a show! that's good, but i need it five times bigger! and i want it everywhere! carriages, sides of trains, trolleys, crates, milk bottles, everywhere they look! barnum's american museum. nice to see you, sir. you stumble through your days got your head hung low your sky's a shade of gray like a zombie in a maze two, please. you're asleep inside but you can shake awake 'cause you're just a dead man walkin' thinkin' that's your only option but you can flick the switch and brighten up your darkest day sun is up and the color's blindin' take a world and redefine it leave behind your narrow mind you'll never be the same come alive come alive go and light your light let it burn so bright reachin' up to the sky and it's open wide you're electrified and the world becomes a fantasy and you're more than you could ever be 'cause you're dreamin' with your eyes wide open whoa! and you know you can't go back again to the world that you were livin' in 'cause you're dreamin' with your eyes wide open so come alive! whoa! lettie! lettie! they're waiting! for what? for you. no. they don't know it yet. but they are gonna love you. trust me. tom! up, up! i see it in your eyes you believe that lie that you need to hide your face afraid to step outside so you lock the door but don't you stay that way no more livin' in those shadows you and me, we know how that goes 'cause once you see it oh, you'll never, never be the same a little bit of lightnin' strikin' bottled up to keep on shinin' you can prove there's more to you you cannot be afraid come alive come alive go and light your light let it burn so bright reachin' up to the sky and it's open wide you're electrified and the world becomes a fantasy and you're more than you could ever be 'cause you're dreamin' with your eyes wide open and we know we can't go back again to the world that we were livin' in 'cause we're dreamin' with our eyes wide open so come alive! bravo! that was great! more! fantastic! this is bad. criminal. degrading. a circus. i like circus. that's right, fat boy! you gonna protect that bearded lady? hey! hey! that's enough! freak! walter! inside, all of you. right now. look at 'em run! we don't want your kind! get outta here! that's right, you freaks! your master's calling! that's quite enough, sir. nothing more to look at! at your service! reprint this review in every paper in new york. half price tickets to anyone who brings it in. come one, come all come in, come on to anyone who's bursting with a dream come one, come all you hear the call to anyone who's searching for a way to break free break free break free! and the world becomes a fantasy and you're more than you could ever be 'cause you're dreamin' with your eyes wide open and we know we can't go back again to the world that we were livin' in 'cause we're dreamin' with our eyes wide open hey and the world becomes a fantasy and you're more than you could ever be 'cause you're dreamin' with your eyes wide open yeah, yeah and we know we can't go back again to the world that we were livin' in 'cause we're dreamin' with our eyes wide open 'cause we're dreamin' with our eyes wide open so come alive! come alive yeah peanuts. get your peanuts here. hot, salted peanuts. piping hot! one for me, one for the lady. o'malley. ah, mr. bennett from the herald. come to take in another show, huh? tell me, mr. barnum, does it bother you that everything you're selling is fake? do these smiles seem fake? it doesn't matter where they come from. the joy is real. so, you are a philanthropist? well, hyperbole isn't the worst crime. men suffer more from imagining too little than too much. the creed of a true fraud. mr. bennett, when was the last time you smiled or had a good laugh? like a real laugh? a theater critic who can't find joy in the theater. now who's a fraud? oh, mr. bennett. that word you used to describe my show? has a nice ring to it. and right this way. don't you think there's enough blind trust in my life? well, isn't that what makes it fun? keep coming. okay. are you ready? is it? it is. come on. let's go. push. wow. helen, that's for you. and caroline, this is for you. there's a ballet school right down the street. just past your parents' house, actually. don't tell me you bought this house just to rub my parents' noses in your success? well, that wasn't the only reason. this is the life i promised you. shall we? phin, it's beautiful, but you know, we don't need all of this to be. it only took me years, but welcome home, charity barnum. hello, there. there goes barnum. hey, sweetheart, who's that young man over there? oh, that's phillip carlyle. a bit of a scandal, they say. his last play was a hit in london. play? you pay good money to watch people stand around and talk for two hours and they call me a con man. ew, what's that smell? do you smell that? ew. something does smell. oh, i know what it is. peanuts. i can see it right now. youngest prima ballerina in the history of the city ballet. i'm quitting. what? why would you quit? i started too late. i'll never catch up. caroline, you were the best dancer on that stage. what? you think i can't spot talent? ballet takes years of hard work. it's not like the circus. you can't just fake it. she can't quit. no. no, i mean, she just. she just feels out of place with the other girls. well, i should certainly hope so. i've never seen so many little prima donnas in my life. yeah, but those prima donnas are the most important thing in the world to her right now. she'll learn to ignore them just like i did. she shouldn't have to. new york society will never accept us. if they did, they'd have to stop judging and actually do something with their lives. this isn't about me. oh. so it's different than everything else then? i just want her to be proud of who she is, of her family. she is proud. we don't have to be the carlyles. mr. carlyle. you produced this play? yes, i did indeed. refunds are available at the front box office. p.t. barnum. from the circus? yes. you. you've been? god, no. but i have seen the crowds. people leave your shows a great deal happier than when they came in. which is much more than i can say for my play. and yet, you have no trouble selling tickets. that's because i'm selling virtue. can i buy you a drink? i wanna go after the carriage trade. present legitimate acts, expand our appeal, go after the snobs. if you only knew how suffocating they are. so come join the circus. you clearly have a flair for show business. teach me how to appeal to the highbrows. are you serious? mm hmm. mr. barnum, i can't just run off and join the circus. why not? sounds thrilling, doesn't it? let's just say that i find it much more comfortable admiring your show from afar. comfort, the enemy of progress. do you understand that just associating with you could cost me my inheritance? oh, it could cost you more than that. you'd be risking everything. but, on the other hand, well, you just might find yourself a free man. right here, right now i've put the offer out i don't wanna chase you down i know you see it you run with me and i can cut you free out of the drudgery and walls you keep in so trade your typical for somethin' colorful and if it's crazy live a little crazy you can play it sensible a king of conventional or you can risk it all and see don'tchu wanna get away from the same old part you gotta play? 'cause i got what you need so come with me and take the ride it'll take you to the other side 'cause you can do like you do or you can do like me stay in the cage or you finally take the key oh, damn suddenly you're free to fly it'll take you to the other side okay, my friend you wanna cut me in well, i hate to tell you but it just won't happen so thanks, but no i think i'm good to go 'cause i quite enjoy the life you say i'm trapped in now, i admire you and that whole show you do you're on to somethin' really, it's somethin' but i live among the swells and we don't pick up peanut shells i'll have to leave that up to you don'tchu know that i'm okay with this uptown part i get to play? 'cause i got what i need and i don't wanna take the ride i don't need to see the other side so go and do like you do i'm good to do like me ain't in a cage so i don't need to take the key oh, damn can'tchu see i'm doin' fine? i don't need to see the other side now, is this really how you'd like to spend your days? whisky, misery and parties and plays? if i were mixed up with you i'd be the talk of the town disgraced and disowned, another one of the clowns but you would finally live a little finally laugh a little just let me give you the freedom to dream and it'll wake you up and cure your aching take your walls and start 'em breaking now that's a deal that seems worth taking but i guess i'll leave that up to you well, it's intriguing but to go would cost me greatly so what percentage of the show would i be taking? well, fair enough you'd want a piece of all the action i'd give you seven, we could shake and make it happen i wasn't born this morning eighteen would be just fine why not just go ahead and ask for nickels on the dime? fifteen i'd do eight twelve maybe nine ten umm. sir, it looks like you have yourself a junior partner. what i have is an overcompensated apprentice. don'tchu wanna get away to a whole new part you're gonna play 'cause i got what you need so come with me and take the ride to the other side so if you do like i do so if you do like me forget the cage 'cause we know how to make the key oh, damn suddenly we're free to fly we're goin' to the other side so if you do like i do to the other side so if you do like me goin' to the other side 'cause if you do we're goin' to the other side we're goin' to the other side who is that? hey, hey! no one's buying hats back here. get out front, go! w.d., anne, i wanna introduce my newest hire, mr. phillip carlyle. it's a pleasure to meet you. yeah, pleasure. and what is your act, mr. carlyle? i don't have an act. everyone's got an act. mr. barnum! yeah. you better come see this. phillip, keep up! a bit of a nasty element. there always is, isn't there? nothing draws a crowd quite like a crowd. we don't want you in our city! go home, you freaks! freaks! shame of the city. the protests cement mr. barnum's reputation as a purveyor of the offensive and indecent. offensive and indecent. mr. bennett, i am blushing. no, i'm blushing. what do you care what bennett thinks? he's a prig. and a snob. yeah, and all the snobs in new york read him. he does their thinking for them. whatever happened to thriving off controversy? yeah, well. hey. do you have any thoughts on this? phillip! you know what? as a matter of fact, i do. helen, come on. the master of the household has it in command of the queen to invite mr. phineas t. barnum and his theatrical troupe to a reception at buckingham palace. the queen victoria? is this real? i had to pull a few strings. if you want society to accept you, you may as well start. at the very, very top. are we all invited? i guess i'll just have to tell the queen that either all of us go. or none of us will. the queen of england! can't get much better than that. why aren't we in tails? we're the entertainment. don't see you in a costume. your majesty, mr. phineas t. barnum. and his oddities from america! is that real? your majesty. may i present mr. barnum. the honor is mine, mr. barnum. and i've heard all about your little colonel from my friends in america. general, ma'am. you're even smaller than i imagined. well, you're not exactly reaching the top shelf yourself, sweetheart. that went well. your majesty. phillip. miss jenny lind. she is luminous. who's that? the opera singer? singer, huh? she's the most famous performer in all of europe. she's sold out la scala a dozen times. not to mention the french opera. ah. what are you doing? following you, so you can introduce me to miss lind. introduce you? i don't know her. yeah. everybody knows her. you just said so yourself. yeah, exactly. you don't just march up to someone like this. why not? we're personable. she's a person. miss lind. my name is phillip carlyle. and this extraordinary gentleman next to me. phineas taylor barnum. the pleasure's mine. of course, you are the american. i believe i might have heard of you. oh, well, if you've heard of me all the way over here i must be doing something right. that, or something very wrong. well, in the world of publicity, there's hardly a difference. i believe those are the words of a scoundrel, mr. barnum. a showman, miss lind, just a showman. the best on my side of the atlantic. well, if you do say so yourself. i do, but i don't have to. oh, no. no. right? no, he is one of the best. oh, that's very kind of you. miss lind. let me get to the point. i'd like to bring you to new york. and if you agree, i'll make you the most famous singer not in europe, but in the entire world. mmm. and have you heard me sing? absolutely. no. no, i haven't. but like mine, your reputation precedes you, and, well, i trust your reputation more than my own taste, so. i've never been to america. you will sing in the grandest theater with the finest orchestra in the greatest city on earth. jenny lind. one night only. or maybe two. and at percent of the gate, it'll be a queen's ransom for your efforts. i give most of my earnings to charity, mr. barnum. to orphans and widows. voice of a nightingale, heart of an angel. that's brilliant. i mean, the press will go crazy for that story. that's not a story. may i ask you something, mr. barnum? anything. why me? people come to my show for the pleasure of being hoodwinked. just once, i'd love to give them something real. miss lind. everyone is here. look at this. even the winthrops. are you happy? i will be if this works. oh, god. i hope she can sing. what's taking her so long? they're still taking their seats. speaking of which. yeah? tom and lettie, the others, they've just arrived. what? where should i put 'em? your box? that box? no, no, no, that's a bit visible. visible? the acoustics are actually better in the standing room. that's where they should be. miss lind's ready now. okay. thank you, thank god! this is so awesome. isn't it wonderful? yeah. i love it. look at the curtain. ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience. he's out of his element. what is this about? is that barnum? this isn't the circus. i recently had the privilege of hearing the most divine voice i've ever heard. suddenly, he's a connoisseur. now, i know that sounds like barnum humbug. but i have bottles of good champagne on ice that says this isn't just another sideshow novelty. may i present. the swedish nightingale. miss jenny lind. i'm tryin' to hold my breath let it stay this way can't let this moment end you set off a dream in me gettin' louder now can you hear it echoing? take my hand will you share this with me? 'cause, darlin', without you all the shine of a thousand spotlights all the stars we steal from the night sky will never be enough never be enough towers of gold are still too little these hands could hold the world but it'll never be enough never be enough for me never, never never, never never, for me for me never enough never enough never enough for me for me for me all the shine of a thousand spotlights all the stars we steal from the night sky will never be enough never be enough towers of gold are still too little these hands could hold the world but it'll never be enough never be enough for me never, never never, never never, for me for me never enough never, never never enough never, never never enough for me, for me for me for me brava! brava! more! wonderful! bravissima! more! excellent! brava! encore! jenny, this is my wife, charity, and our girls. of course, and i've heard so much about you! and your father tells me you're a fan of the ballet. yes, i'm studying ballet. are you? of course, i am. and, of course, she is. and what about you, helen? you look like a princess, ma'am. i have to admit, barnum. she is remarkable. enough to bring joy to the most joyless critic, isn't she? mmm. and in the hands of a real purveyor of the arts, she could be something in this country. shame, she's fallen in with you. you really are better on the page, mr. bennett, hard as that is to believe. mr. barnum. yes. i'd love to meet miss lind. and you will meet miss lind. would you introduce us? if you just give me a moment. phineas. yes. you've. done well. thank you. allow me to introduce you. uh, excuse me, jenny. i'd like you to meet charity's parents. mr. and mrs. hallett. ah, pleasure. how do you do? very nice to meet you. good to meet you. mother. hello, dear. are these. yes, those are your granddaughters. phineas, not here. not here? you afraid i'm gonna embarrass your parents in front of their fancy friends? i really don't think i have that power. an insignificant man like me who was clearly destined to lead an insignificant life. all that fortune, and still just the tailor's boy. get out. well, phineas. i believe i told you that free champagne is a recipe for disaster. charity. now would everyone please raise their glasses? charity. to mr. barnum. who has shown once and for all. that a man's station is limited only by his imagination. to barnum! to barnum! thank you. to mr. barnum. thank you. it's hard to understand wealth and privilege when you're born into it. i sometimes don't feel like i belong here. you? i was born out of wedlock. and that brought shame upon my family. and life always manages to remind me that i don't deserve a place in this world. and that leaves a hole that no ovation can ever fill. mr. phineas! guys. lord, that lady can sing! i know. think she likes a man in uniform? i'm sure she does. okay, what are you doing here? you got a show in an hour, okay? that's enough time for us to have at least three drinks, right? come on, let's go. no, no, no. lettie! what? it's very crowded in here, okay? and i can't have you mingling. guys! who's gonna pay admission if you're out there for all the world to see? okay? have a great show. wait. ladies and gentlemen, a toast! jenny, america may not know it yet. but they are going to love you. to miss lind! i am not a stranger to the dark hide away, they say 'cause we don't want your broken parts i've learned to be ashamed of all my scars run away, they say no one'll love you as you are but i won't let them break me down to dust i know that there's a place for us for we are glorious when the sharpest words wanna cut me down i'm gonna send a flood gonna drown 'em out i am brave i am bruised i am who i'm meant to be this is me look out 'cause here i come and i'm marchin' on to the beat i drum i'm not scared to be seen i make no apologies this is me oh oh oh what are they doing here? oh oh, oh oh, oh another round of bullets hits my skin ey, oh, oh well, fire away oh, oh, ey, ey 'cause today i won't let the shame sink in we are burstin' through the barricades and reachin' for the sun we are warriors yeah, that's what we've become yeah, that's what we've become i won't let them break me down to dust i know that there's a place for us go home! for we are glorious when the sharpest words wanna cut me down ey, ey, ey i'm gonna send a flood, gonna drown 'em out ey, ey, ey i am brave i am bruised i am who i'm meant to be this is me look out ' cause here i come ey, ey, ey and i'm marchin' on to the beat i drum i'm not scared to be seen i make no apologies this is me oh, oh, oh, oh ey, ey oh, oh, oh, oh ey, ey oh, oh, oh, oh ey, ey oh, oh, oh, oh oh oh oh oh, oh this is me oh, oh, oh, oh ey, ey and i know that i deserve your love there's nothing i'm not worthy of oh, oh, oh, oh, oh when the sharpest words wanna cut me down i'm gonna send a flood gonna drown 'em out this is brave this is bruised this is who i'm meant to be this is me look out 'cause here i come look out 'cause here i come and i'm marchin' on to the beat i drum marchin' on, marchin', marchin' on to the beat i drum i'm not scared to be seen i make no apologies this is me whenever the words wanna cut me down i'll send the flood to drown 'em out i'm gonna send a flood oh gonna drown them out oh oh, oh, oh this is me why can't you just put more shows in new york? why do you need to tour the country? why did napoleon march on russia? napoleon was defeated. napoleon didn't have a piece orchestra. a piece orchestra? just get the cheapest musicians you can and watch that. we'll still have to board them. we'll get married ones, they can share a bunk. o'malley, that's caroline's piggy bank. custom sets? fireworks? yeah. inside theaters? that's genius. no. hey, p.t. these are the most famous theaters in the country. they make you buy the seats in advance just to book them. yeah. i took out a loan. and we have to pay jenny in advance? it was a large loan. okay? you're not gonna see a penny of profit until your th show. st, actually. you're risking everything you've built here. how do you think i built it? we'll have plenty of profits to go around after this. p.t.? what? your attention has been divided long enough. our gate is down, we have more protesters every day. you just need to get people to come back. if you haven't been to the barnum museum lately, you haven't been at the barnum museum. they come to see you. your crazy ideas. your new acts, the unusual. then how about you show them a smile? that'd be unusual. keep rehearsing. just make it very clear i expect them to afford you all the deference you deserve and that they should be nice to you anyway. ain't that a sight for sore eyes? he couldn't even say hello. or goodbye. he's going on tour. sorry, guys. oh, pull yourself together, carlyle. don't you have somewhere to be? anne wheeler. mr. barnum said he left a ticket for me. i'm sorry. i believe there's only supposed to be one. no, there's meant to be two. i wasn't sure you'd come if i asked. five minutes to curtain. i've always wanted to go to the theater. phillip, is that you? mother. father. this is anne wheeler. phillip, have you no shame? associating yourself with that barnum business is one thing. but parading around with the help? anne. anne! anne! how dare you speak to her like that? you forget your place, phillip. my place? mother, if this is my place, then i don't want any part of it. anne. they're small minded people. why do you care what they think? it's not just them. you've never had somebody look at you the way your parents looked at me. the way everyone would look at us. you know i want you it's not a secret i try to hide i know you want me so don't keep sayin' our hands are tied you claim it's not in the cards and fate is pulling you miles away and out of reach from me but you're here in my heart so who can stop me if i decide that you're my destiny? what if we rewrite the stars? say you were made to be mine? nothing could keep us apart you'd be the one i was meant to find it's up to you and it's up to me no one can say what we get to be so why don't we rewrite the stars? maybe the world could be ours tonight you think it's easy? you think i don't want to run to you? but there are mountains and there are doors that we can't walk through i know you're wonderin' why because we're able to be just you and me within these walls but when we go outside you're gonna wake up and see that it was hopeless after all no one can rewrite the stars how can you say you'll be mine? ev'rything keeps us apart and i'm not the one you were meant to find it's not up to you it's not up to me when everyone tells us what we can be how can we rewrite the stars? say that the world can be ours tonight? all i want is to fly with you all i want is to fall with you so just give me all of you it feels impossible it's not impossible is it impossible? say that it's possible how do we rewrite the stars? say you were made to be mine? nothing could keep us apart 'cause you are the one i was meant to find it's up to you and it's up to me no one can say what we get to be why don't we rewrite the stars? changin' the world to be ours you know i want you it's not a secret i try to hide but i can't have you we're bound to break and my hands are tied first, it was buying a house on the same street as my parents. then, meeting the queen. then bringing jenny lind, then my father the other night. when will it ever be enough for you? i'm doing this for caroline and helen. look around you. they have everything. you don't understand. i do understand. no, you don't understand. how could you? my father was treated like dirt. i was treated like dirt, and my children will not be. you don't need everyone to love you, phin. just a few good people. i know that. sir. no, no! daddy! daddy! daddy, no! wait! daddy! go! wait, daddy! some people long for a life that is simple and planned tied with a ribbon some people won't sail the sea 'cause they're safer on land to follow what's written but i'd follow you to the great unknown off to a world we call our own mountains and valleys and all that will come in between desert and ocean you pull me in and together we're lost in a dream always in motion so i risk it all just to be with you and i risk it all for this life we choose hand in my hand and you promised to never let go we're walkin' a tightrope high in the sky we can see the whole world down below we're walkin' a tightrope never sure will you catch me if i should fall? brava! well, it's all an adventure that comes with a breathtakin' view walkin' a tightrope with you oh, oh, oh, oh with you oh, oh, oh, oh with you with you with you with you it is as though we have learned for the first time. what singing really is. miss lind deserves our nation's highest esteem and most lavish ovations. i mean. the world at our feet. well, mr. barnum. this. is. to making dreams come true. thank you, jenny. it's two hours to curtain. i've given you the world, haven't i? i, uh, i should go. i've become a distraction. i'm sorry, jenny. no. you should finish the tour without me. what? you're leaving? well, the itinerary's well in hand. so, that's it. what do you mean? i'm just another one of your little acts. jenny. i'm done. jenny. jenny, please. you have to finish the tour. must i? it. it will ruin me. when you're careless with other people, mr. barnum. you bring ruin upon yourself. i have risked everything. well, so did i. and it seems we both lost. all the stars we steal from the night sky will never be enough never be enough towers of gold are still too little these hands could hold the world but it'll never be enough never be enough thank you. what was that? that was goodbye. hey, thank you very much for coming. tell your friends and neighbors! what a wonderful show! who enjoyed themselves? you? you? tell everyone how much fun you had at the circus! new acts every night! hey! ringmaster. gentlemen, gonna have to ask you to leave. this is our town, son. we think you should leave. you and your freaks. and your spooks. sir. i will only ask once more. then what, boy? hey! stop! get him! charge! could that be her? i think so. daddy! daddy! girls, girls, girls! daddy! oh, you've grown so much. stop it. what made you decide to come back early? i missed you. i missed you. that sounds an awful lot like humbug. fire! move aside! come on! hurry! it's coming from the circus. run! let's go! fire! girls, stay with me. come. quick, quick! everyone, stay close! phillip! is everyone out? is everyone okay? yeah. the animals? the animals? yeah, we set them free. what else could we do? w.d., where's anne? where's anne? where's anne? no, phillip! no! hey! you can't go in there! anne! phillip! keep pumping! w.d.! here she is! here she is! phillip! phillip! daddy! no, daddy! daddy! daddy! stay back! please! daddy! stretcher! stretcher! he's taken a lot of smoke. he's still breathing. come on. come on, let's get him on! up! what if we rewrite the stars? say you were made to be mine? nothing can keep us apart you are the one i was meant to find here we go, guys! come on! straight ahead! thomas, help me break this up. if you've come to gloat, i wouldn't. they caught the thugs who started the fire. i thought you'd like to know. i never liked your show. but i always thought the people did. they did. they do. mind you, i wouldn't call it art. of course not. but. putting folks of all kinds on stage with you. all colors, shapes, sizes. presenting them as equals. why, another critic might have even called it a celebration of humanity. i would've liked that. mmm. well, i hope you'll rebuild. hmm. i mean, thank god for jenny's tour. we can borrow off the profits, we'll be fine. you don't know? hmm? i'm sorry. charity? oh, god, charity. i don't wanna talk to you. i am. nothing happened. this is ridiculous. oh, sure. nothing happened. it's on the cover of every paper in new york. because she orchestrated the photo. i'm not in love with her! of course you're not. not with her, not with me, not with anyone. just you and your show. what are you doing? i'm going home. this is your home. the bank. they're evicting us. why didn't you ask me before. i would've said yes. i never minded the risk, but we always did it together. figured you'd end up here. feeling sorry for yourself. folks, if you've come to get paid, the money is gone. all of it. nothing left to give you. shut up, barnum. you just don't get it. our own mothers were ashamed of us. hid us our whole lives. then you pull us out of the shadows. and now you're giving up on us, too. maybe you are a fraud. maybe it was just about making a buck. but you gave us a real family. and the circus. that was our home. we want our home back. i saw the sun begin to dim and felt that winter wind blow cold a man learns who is there for him when the glitter fades and the walls won't hold 'cause from that rubble what remains can only be what's true if all was lost there's more i gained 'cause it led me back to you i drank champagne with kings and queens the politicians praised my name but those were someone else's dreams the pitfalls of the man i became for years and years i chased their cheers a crazy speed of always needing more but when i stop and see you here i remember who all this was for and from now on these eyes will not be blinded by the lights from now on what's waited 'til tomorrow starts tonight it starts tonight and let this promise in me start like an anthem in my heart from now on from now on from now on and we will come back home and we will come back home home again and we will come back home and we will come back home home again and we will come back home and we will come back home home again from now on and we will come back home and we will come back home home again and we will come back home from now on and we will come back home from now on home again and we will come back home from now on and we will come back home from now on yes! home again and we will come back home from now on and we will come back home from now on home again from now on these eyes will not be blinded by the lights from now on what's waited til tomorrow starts tonight it starts tonight let this promise in me start like an anthem in my heart from now on from now on and we will come back home and we will come back home home again and we will come back home and we will come back home home again you're here. from now on from now on home again from now on from now on home again from now on from now on home again caroline! he's here. i would like to see my wife. she's not here. she's at the beach! i brought hardship on you and our family. you warned me. and i wouldn't listen. i just. i wanted to be more than i was. i never wanted anything but the man i fell in love with. let this promise in me start like an anthem in my heart however big however small from now on from now on. bank said no? emphatically. repeatedly. i don't think there's a banker left in the country i can fool into loaning me more money, so. i'm really sorry to disappoint you all. don't worry, barnum. we've gotten used to it by now. you know, barnum. when i first met you. i had an inheritance, acclaim, an invitation to every party in town. and now, thanks to you, all that's gone. all that's left is friendship, love, and work that i adore. you brought joy into my life. into all our lives. hear, hear. if only the bank would take joy as collateral. they may not. but i will. i own of the show. knowing who i was working for. i had the good sense to take my cut weekly. phillip, i can't let you gamble it on me. sure you can. don't turn sensible on us now. partners. . partners. yeah! the only thing is, i don't know how we're gonna afford a building. right. building. we don't need a building. real estate in manhattan is a terrible investment. why, i can get land down by the docks for almost nothing! all we need is a tent. oh! this is the greatest show! come on, come on! whoa colossal we come these renegades in the ring whoa where the lost get found and we crown 'em the circus kings don't fight it it's comin' for you, runnin' atcha it's only this moment, don't care what comes after it's blindin', outshinin' anything thatcha know just surrender 'cause you're comin' and you wanna go where it's covered in all the colored lights where the runways are runnin' the night impossible comes true intoxicatin' you oh! this is the greatest show! we light it up, we won't come down and the sun can't stop us now watchin' it come true it's takin' over you oh! this is the greatest show! it's ev'rything you ever want it's ev'rything you ever need and it's here right in front of you this is where you wanna be it's ev'rything you ever want it's ev'rything you ever need and it's here right in front of you this is where you wanna be this is where you wanna be where it's covered in all the colored lights where the runaways are runnin' the night impossible comes true this is for you. it's takin' over you oh! this is the greatest show! what will you be doing? watching my girls grow up. the show must go on. we light it up, we won't come down and the sun can't stop us now watchin' it come true it's takin' over you this is the greatest show! where it's covered in all the colored lights where the runaways are runnin' the night impossible comes true, it's takin' over you oh! this is the greatest show! we light it up, we won't come down and the walls can't stop us now watchin' it come true it's takin' over you oh! this is the greatest show! 'cause ev'rything you want is right in front of you and you see the impossible is comin' true and the walls can't stop us now oh! this is the greatest show! yeah oh! this is the greatest show! oh! oh! daddy! oh! oh! oh! this is the greatest show! phineas hey, girls! hey! oh! oh! oh! oh! make way