 they say the history of the west was written from the saddle of a horse. but it's never been told from the heart of one. not until now. i was born here. in this place that would come to be called the ''old west'' but to my kind, the land was ageless. it had no beginning and no end. no boundary between earth and sky. like the wind in the buffalo grass. we belong here. we will always belong here. they say the mustang is the spirit of the west. whether that west was won or lost in the end you have to decide for yourself. but the story i want to tell you is true. i was there. and i remember. i remember the sun, and the sky and the wind calling my name. in the time when the wild horses ran free. here i am this is me i come to this world so wild and free here i am so young and strong right here in the place where i belong it's a new world it's a new start it's life with a beating of a young heart it's a new day in a new land and it's waiting for me here i am it's a new world it's a new start it's life with a beating of a young heart yeah, it's a new day in a new land and it's waiting for me here i am and so i grew from colt to stallion as wild and reckless as thunder over the land. racing with the eagle. soaring with the wind. flying? there were times i believed i could. like my father before me i became leader of the cimarron herd. and with that honour came responsibility. i hear the wind across the plane a sound so strong that calls my name it's wild like the river it's warm like the sun yeah, it's here this is where i belong under the star skies where eagles have flown this place is paradise it's the place i call home the moon on the mountain the whisper through the trees the winds on the water let nothing come between this and me it's everything i want it's everything this here and when we are all together there's nothing to fear and wherever i wander the one thing i've learned yes it's to here i will always always return something new came upon the land one night. something that changed my life forever. and so my journey began. a wiser horse might have turned and ran. but i wanted to know what strange creature was here. look. man, look at that stallion, it is beautiful. follow the horse! let's go! look out! don't you get away! i was scared. i didn't know what was going to happen to me. at least my mother and the herd were safe. come on! i got find another fight i got run another night get it out, check it out i'm on my way and i don't feel right i got come back i can't be beat, and that's a fact it's ok, i'll find a way ain't gonna take me, down the way yeah don't judge a thing 'till you know what is inside it don't push me, i'll fight it never gonna give it up, no if you can't catch a wave then you'll never gonna ride it you can't come uninvited never gonna give it up, no you can't take me i'm free why did it all go wrong i wanna know what's going on what's this holding me? i'm not where i'm supposed to be i got fight another fight i got fight with all my might i'm getting out, just check it out you're in my way, you better watch out open the gate! come on! don't judge a thing 'till you know what's inside it don't push me, i'll fight it never gonna give it up, no if you can't catch a wave then you'll never gonna ride it you can't come uninvited never gonna give it up, no you can't take me i'm free yeah, i'm free what seems to be the problem, gentlemen? we got this crazy one here, sir. pure mustang, colonel. really? the army has dealt with wild horses before. this one will be no different. i remember the first time i saw a rattler curled up in my path induct this animal, sargent. yes sir! this one didn't look like a rattler. but i was still thinking. snake. grab him, grab him. okay murphy, he's all yours. he's a wild one. we'll see how wild he is, when i am done with him. you want a fight, do you? right. make sure that's good tight. murphy, look out! watch out! murphy, are you okay? corporal, round up some volunteers to take this animal to the stables. not the stables. sir? the corral. it's time to break that horse. well you think that you can take me on you must be crazy make sure it's good tied. ain't a single thing you've done is gonna phase me if you wanna have a go i just wanna let you know get off my back and into my game get out of my way cause i'm wild and untamed get out of my face or gimme your best shot i think it's time you better face the fact get off my back ok, my turn! you know is all just a game that i'm playing you think that you can find a way in, is what i'm saying if you wanna have a go i just wanna let you know get off my back and into my game get out of my face cause i'm wild and untamed get out of my way or gimme your best shot another rider! you know the train is coming off its track get off my back yeah, get off my back get off get off, get off, get off get off my back sargent. yes sir. tie this horse to the post. no food or water. three days. yes sir. my heart galloped through the sky that night back to my herd. where i belonged. and i wonder if they'd miss me as much as i miss them. we got a hostile! bring him there this way. well, what do we have here? we caught him by the supply wagon, sir. ah, a dakota. not as tall as the cheyenne, and fine featured as the crow. take him away gentlemen, show him our best. corporal, take him to the stock case. not the stock case. the post. no food or water. what are you looking at boy? he was called little creak. and he seemed different from the rest. there were just no end to the strange ways of the two legged. with the colonel permission, sir. incoming patrol report hostiles headed north. the railroad has expressed concern, sir. they requested additional patrols. how long has it been, sargent? sir? the mustang. how long has it been tied? three days, sir. good. fetch my crop and spurs. take it easy! back up! back up! you see gentlemen, any horse can be broken. move along mustang. there are those in washington who believe the west will never be settled. the northern pacific railroad will never breach nebraska. a hostile dakota will never submit to providence. and it is that manner of small thinking. that would say this horse could never be broken. discipline, time, and patience. are the three great levelers. sometimes a horse's gotta do, what a horse's gotta do and this was one of those times. get off me! soldier! secure that horse! i wasn't sure what happened back there. and i wasn't about to stop and ask. all i knew was i was headed home. i couldn't believe it. one moment i was free, and the next. more ropes. i couldn't understand it. she treated the scrawny two legged like one of our kind. prancing around him like a love struck ear ring. it was down right unnatural. great mustang, today i will ride you. this ought to be good. mares. okay, rain, lets see if you can teach this mustang some manners. okay, i admit it she was charming in a stubborn, irritating kind of way. so, i let her show me her world. bye bye horsey. for the first time in my life, i felt my heart torn two ways. give it back! mustang! i had to hand to that boy. he just wouldn't give up. i'm never gonna ride you, am i? and no one never should. you can go. it's okay, go. go on, get out of here. go home. i knew this was hard for her, and she was scared. but more than anything, i wanted to share my homeland with her i laid beside her that night. hoping, praying that somehow she would be okay. there are a couple of horses over there! leave her there. she's not gonna make it. oh, rain! easy, girl. easy. it will be okay. you saved my life. i'm not gonna hurt you. come on, it's gonna be okay. sound the bugle now play it just for me as the seasons change remember how i used to be now i can't go on i can't even start i got nothing left just an empty heart i'm a soldier wounded soul i must give up the fight there's nothing more for me lead me away or leave me lying here sound the bugle now tell them i don't care there's not a road i know that leads to anywhere without a light i fear that i'll stumble in the dark lay out down decide not to go on that from high somewhere in the distance there's a voice that calls remember who you are if you loose yourself your courage soon will follow so, be strong tonight remember who you are yeah you're a soldier now fighting in a battle to be free once more yeah, that's worth fighting for it'll be alright. i didn't know why we were brought here. what i did know was we had to find a way to escape, and get back home. well, that is it, we're rolling the steam over the mountain. we got six days to connect to utah. move out and gone. ready to go! we're almost on the top! that was the moment i understood they were headed to my homeland and i had to stop them. get back! oh, we got to stop! hold it! get the mules up here! i don't know where he came from or how he got there. but i sure was happy to see him. i don't believe it. go! go! run! we got 'em now! where did they go? there they are! up there! oh no. oh yes. don't judge a thing 'till you know what is inside it don't push me, i'll fight it never gonna give it up, no if you can't catch a wave then you'll never gonna ride it you can't come uninvited never gonna give it up, no! you can't take me i'm free you will always be in my heart. take care of her, spirit. who cannot be broken. i will miss you, my friend. i've been waiting so long to run free. but that goodbye was harder than i ever imagined. i will never forget that boy. and how we won back our freedom together. i hear the wind call my name the sound that leads me home again it sparks up the fire a flame that still runs to you i will always return i know the road is long but where you are is home wherever you stay i'll find the way i run like the river i'll follow the sun i'll fly like an eagle to where i belong i can't stand the distance i can't dream alone i can't wait to see you yes, i'm on my way home now i know it's true that every road leads to you and in the hour of darkness your light gets me through you run like the river you shine like the sun yeah you fly like an eagle yeah, you are the one i've seen every sunset and with all that i've learned it's to you i will always always return the end fixed and lyrics by promac